A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
Stock prices fell today as traders warily awaited the latest monthly report on employment.
In Allendale County, the Guard estimates it has a $1 million impact on the economy.
A study today concludes that virtually all asthma attacks are triggered by allergies, challenging a widely held belief.
And Germans in both east and west have accepted the inevitability of a rapid unification since the Berlin Wall opened Nov. 9.
Disney World in Florida is famed for its marketing to Latin America.
Those opinions are those of Mr. Yeltsin," Arbatov said in an interview.
The two firms later backed out of the deal because of heavy pressure from officials at Nomura, according to news reports.
The leader of a one-man crusade to open a home for people with AIDS has left town, emotionally battered and financially strapped but insisting Wednesday that his was a successful fight to change attitudes.
Mr. Stadiem is unabashedly nostalgic.
Frank lied about how he met Gobie and he lied when he wrote that, as far as he knew, Gobie was obeying the law.
Volume on the Big Board came to 86.36 million shares.
The single Independent in the upper house, Senator Brian Harradine, sided with the opposition. The legislation will now be referred back to the House of Representatives, which has already approved all eight budget bills.
In May, the year-to-year rise was 4.8%.
He was hospitalized in serious condition.
He also said he did not know why the decision was made.
Hundreds of Serbs have reportedly taken refuge in an army barracks in Petrinja, about 25 miles south of the Croatia'a capital of Zagreb, to escape riot police seeking to recover weapons.
OH, BY THE WAY, the General Accounting Office, Congress's audit arm, says IRS computers were in good shape to process 1987 returns.
Where Italy, in the eyes of their fans, have barely scraped through, Germany have done just enough.
Viewers could see a change from FNN to CNBC within days after the transaction is completed, he said.
But Mr. Iacocca counters, "I never worked harder in my life than in the last couple of years.
But towards the end of the decade developers were taking a much more confident view of the city's prospects as its image improved.
Cowper holds three records in The Guinness Book of Records 1990 for previous circumnavigations of the globe.
Mr. Meese has portrayed himself as being only a peripheral player in the Iran initiative before last November.
Authorities confiscated 570 pounds of heroin alleged to have been imported by Kon's organization in several seizures over the years, Stutman said.
A great German classic? Pandora's Box (Tartan Video).
The Massachusetts governor spent most of Monday in Boston, while George Bush was in Washington, leaving the campaign trail to Jackson.
Rally organizers said they'd gotten their message across to this community of 6,100 and called off plans to stage acts of civil disobedience.
The shares stand near the low for the year of 162.5 pence, and well below the year's high of 234 pence.
American Cyanamid intends to acquire Shell's crop protection business.
It said it terminated the agreement yesterday and didn't have any borrowings outstanding.
Prosecutors have arrested 12 people on suspicion of giving or taking bribes or violating security laws.
Margo Vignola at Salomon Brothers doesn't expect a stock ownership plan for American Medical.
Barco said he will present the proposed treaty to the lawmakers next week.
He promised "frugality with economic development." The three parties will have to agree on specific measures, such as boosting public utility rates and a proposed one-time tax on personal and company earnings.
Both sides accused the other of misinterpreting a peace plan signed two weeks ago and of violating a truce that started March 21.
The Cipollone plaintiff counsel and jury apparently assumed it reassured smokers by telling them that the health problems had been solved.
The earlier rallies, part of a nation-wide wave of student demonstrations, finally were crushed by the government.
The sale is part of Salinas' plan for cutting inflation and reviving the economy.
Strong results were recorded in its elevators, transport technology and maritime innovation divisions.
What makes Cray Computer a more unusual pick for Mr. Duncan is that its earnings have been nonexistent. Nevertheless, he looks for the firm to break even next year and hit $3 a share in earnings by 1994.
And suddenly it started shaking, which I'm used to.
The company and its partners - Siam Syntech Construction, Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction and OTV - overcame strong oppositon from seven consortia to secure the contract.
He said six Indians arrested at Kingsville in south Texas earlier Thursday told agents that alien smugglers had made arrangements for their trip at Casa Romero and had picked them up there.
The Party has chosen to sacrifice economic growth in favor of tighter state control over people's daily lives.
They want him to rein in his frequently careless exuberance. He is cheered by two things.
Turco said the study assumes that in even a small nuclear exchange the primary target would be oil and gas storage areas because such material is vital to military defense.
An accountant's wildest fantasies?
"It is my fervent hope that we will be able to reach an agreement that will be satisfactory to all concerned," Mitchell said.
I looked at my watch at the end, astonished that 100 minutes had gone by. But then I am looking at my watch again now, astonished that a vintage Venice festival has gone by, with only 36 hours, three films and a bunch of prizes to go.
And in case you may have missed it the first 38 times, the Pickle Packers International association is out once again to convince the world of the preserved cucumber's value in everything from elementary education to international policy making.
The Japanese are most enthusiastic about the notion of yen-denominated U.S. government bonds.
The combination of relatively high West German interest rates and the dollar's decline has put downward pressure on the weaker currencies in the European Monetary System's exchange-rate mechanism, particularly the French franc.
Some network executives say that if advertisers insist on pure people-meter data, they might lower, or even do away with, audience guarantees.
For nervous Conservative backbenchers with an eye on the next election, that might be no bad thing.
Palestinian demonstrators clashed with troops in the Balata and Fara refugee camps near Nablus following noon prayers.
This culture is just so disposable _ a McDonald's culture.
The U.S. government was among many to condemn these bannings.
Many forgeries were produced, most of which were printed by the authorities themselves.
Riots erupted for a third night in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with violence centering on the city's mixed-race district.
Housing shortages have helped feed the still-growing homeless population.
The Soviet Union today sent medical supplies to Romania and appealed to its Warsaw Pact allies to help support the uprising against Nicolae Ceausescu, but it appeared to rule out military intervention.
Lawmakers say the aim is to increase voter turnout and open the nation's elections to Americans unable to leave work and stand in line at City Hall or merely too forgetful to register 30 days in advance as required in some states.
But the unexpected savings from the drought may now reduce the deficit below $146 billion.
Henry Waxman, D-Calif. "I hope the president will follow his own commission's advice." Waxman is among several members of Congress pushing for anti-discrimination legislation.
Bondholders agreed to reschedule the debt payments.
The maze design had to be adapted to meet certain U.S. standards, including exits to comply with fire codes, and breakaway panels in case of emergency.
It was founded by William Russell, a member of the Yale Class of 1833, apparently in reaction to the stripping of secrecy from Phi Beta Kappa, the honorary scholastic society, during the rise of a national anti-secrecy movement.
The plane is refueled and leaves Cyprus for Algeria.
It happened like this.
The death of the dinosaurs actually is the more significant trend, argues Robert Sobel, a professor of business history at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.
A vaccine would be proven, he said, only when it is shown to give protection against the effects of these substances also.
He has done me a great, great favor and I would like to return the compliment."
He notes that the idea has been used with other assets including stocks, options, real estate and art.
Meanwhile, the circus animals are stuck in Newburgh, N.Y. The company that was transporting the animals took them there, to its headquarters, when the tour broke off after performances in just two cities.
A total of 463 people died in traffic accidents over the holiday weekend, the National Safety Council reported.
In early trading in Hong Kong on Friday, gold was quoted at $399.55.
Guenther Dahloff, an economic official of the West German Embassy, rose to say Mr. McPherson's concerns were just "a mirror image" of European concerns about U.S. trade policy, especially the huge new trade bill passed Wednesday.
Two settlement proposals offered by the alliance have been rejected by the writers.
"My roommate, Jeff Peltier, and I began fooling with it four years ago with our coach, Joe Bernal," Berkoff says.
But then who, just a little later, is this little girl with her back towards us, in white dress and hat and her racquet in her hand and her long black pigtail falling down her back?
Two sisters put up for adoption in Frankfurt, West Germany, 10 years ago will be reunited at the festivities.
The wins should restore the shop's leadership in new-business rankings among British ad agencies.
It wants to develop Birmingham as a business centre on a European and world-wide basis. Mr Moore says: 'The West Midlands is attempting to revive economically by attracting new investment in industry.
Both the 9,600-ton Bunker Hill and the 7,810-ton Fife are capable of deploying Tomahawk missiles.
Although Mr. Siegel is described by some friends as a man who is reluctant to leave any money on the table in a business negotiation, he is anything but a Scrooge in his personal life.
Ms. Savage-Rich wrote a weekly wine column for the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel.
Sect members won political control of the nearby community of Antelope, renaming it City of Rajneesh, and attempted to control voting in Wasco County by busing thousands of homeless people to the commune in 1984.
It must contain substantive reforms.
To diversify the family's holdings and shield some of it from taxation, the investment company lately has plunged into U.S. commercial real estate.
In Lahore, Pakistan, hundreds of Pakistanis lined a major street, chanting slogans and rattling placards in opposition to the temple.
Marriott won't disclose results of its Residence Inns, except to say they are profitable.
The teacher waited with them for the missing students and then took a ski lift up the slope to search.
Secondly, there was no desk to spare in the whole office and one had to be bought.
It would raise MaxSaver fares $10 each way and increase the advance purchase requirement to 30 days from seven days, but would lower the cancellation penalty to 50% from 100%.
The answer, according to Sen. Joseph Biden, depends on which conservative nominee he's lecturing.
Citizens Financial Group Inc. has agreed to be acquired for $440 million by the Royal Bank of Scotland, the sixth-largest banking group in the United Kingdom.
The museum has never valued "The Night Watch," which is not insured, in line with Culture Ministry policy.
The feds would stick to such health-threatening problems as asbestos.
"We must compel them (automakers) to retain all current workers unless their ability to survive is severely at risk as a result of conditions beyond their control," Bieber said in a speech to the convention.
Closer inspection reveals no stitching - hours of detailed tying and dying have produced an amazing effect of design and texture. For intricate stitching, Cordsen shows off a hand-made silk appliqued outfit, comprising coat, dress and trousers.
The verdict repudiated the ruling National Liberation Front (FLN) and its 28-year monopoly on power.
"This is the beginning of real change," Foreign Minstry spokesman Tepbishiin Chimeddorj said of his country, which strategically borders both the Soviet Union and China.
With state-chartered credit unions, the assets nationally total about $160 billion, he said.
In interviews from jail, the former chairman of the Bank of Crete has claimed Papandreou and other high government officials received millions of dollars in payoffs and authorized the looting of his bank.
"The only way we're going to resolve this drug problem is for the federal government to work with the state government and local officials.
The 45-year-old former airline pilot submitted his resignation to Venkataraman this morning.
The erosion of existing barriers to trade and investment in air services is likely to be accompanied by a major restructuring of the world airline industry.
Sasser called the deal "a minimalist agreement.
A Roman Catholic priest who celebrated his last Mass as an inner-city pastor said he saw a new beginning in the merger of his church with another one closed by the Detroit Archdiocese.
"That revenue figure in total is something that we can accept. Unfortunately, in Bush's budget, it is not legitimately obtained," Sasser said.
Many fled the country after the communists reunified it in 1975.
One exception was New York based Paramount Capital Group Inc., which runs a popular dividend-capture strategy called buy-writes.
"It was laced with humor, but it had a rebellious feeling about it and people responded to it.
Klan leaders said this year's rally in part was a celebration of the state's decision not to enforce the mask law, which a state judge ruled unconstitutional after Miller's arrest.
For the Balts, this means Washington is a lot friendlier than it used to be.
The East German news agency ADN reported Saturday that 70 segments of the Berlin Wall will be auctioned off on June 23 in the principality of Monaco.
About half invested in real estate or mortgages, while the rest of the money they raised went into everything from leasing jetliners to drilling for oil and operating cable-television systems.
It grew in size as the tax-writing committees tacked on amendments extending some expiring provisions and granting tax benefits for selected groups.
Noriega has had no way of monitoring the accounts since his arrest.
The new order was much broader and appeared directed at the millions of factories and commercial companies that have sprung up outside the state plan during a decade of economic reform.
"We have done extensive testing in attempts to identify any common design flaw that would be a root cause" for sudden acceleration, the spokesman said.
Great Lakes Bancorp said it has formed a mortgage-banking unit to expand its residential mortgage-loan business into the northern suburbs of Detroit.
Duane Allen, Joe Bonsall and Richard Sterban voted him out, citing friction among band members.
Any of these, at least at first glance, could preclude Mexico as a possible site.
"We're still working on how to implement what the president said," Charles Kolb, deputy undersecretary of the U.S. Department of Education, said in an interview Monday.
They were printed while Mrs. Sutcliffe was pursuing a libel case against the magazine for alleging she tried to cash in on her husband's notoriety by agreeing to sell her story to a newspaper.
There are, though, a few caveats.
Chemical has $74.1 billion in assets, while Manufacturers Hanover has $61.3 billion.
Hospital officials said another four Panamanians remained hospitalized in "stable" condition but gave no further details.
People over 65 make up 12 percent of the nation's population, but use 30 percent of health care services, Vagelos said.
At many large banks, cost-cutting began to lift earnings.
Pernilla Ostergren is a touching Ophelia, a child-woman who remains on stage for much of evening, a forlorn witness to most of the debauchery.
He seeks a better life, distances himself from his criminal heritage.
"If that gets reversed, we'll have some opportunities here."
Chrysler's sales also have taken a dive.
"It ostensibly was a good API number for crude.
He has fought this election as if he, rather than Mr Major, had inherited the party leadership after the toppling of Mrs Thatcher.
"The Transport Workers Union has not endorsed the unions' plan," Mr. Kerrigan said.
"If investors are getting out of stocks, then governments are the safest available alternative," said Charles Lieberman, a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp.
"GE has become aware of the investigation by the Israeli government," said a GE spokesman.
Thus ended the campaign in the first of the industrial states to vote, a battle that seemed as clear-cut on the Republican side as it was complicated for the Democrats.
A woman was in critical condition today after nine hours of surgery to receive a new liver, following a plea from track star Carl Lewis to help locate an organ.
Perhaps Columbus, had been right, after all. I took my leave of the finest green refuge on New York City's outskirts: the evening bell was sounding and somebody was driving a car along the lower terrace to remind us that highway morals rule.
Coniston, which owns nearly 6 percent of Gillette stock, forced the proxy vote earlier this year in hopes of winning four directors' seats to pressure the 12-member Gillette board to sell the company.
To hire these people, employers are offered a subsidy amounting to Pounds 2,340 per year, which falls far short of the Pounds 8,000 that the average unemployed person costs the taxpayer.
First Interstate is a unit of First Interstate Bancorp. in Los Angeles.
It has been losing money through the 1980s.
That's why it's OK." A wounded Canadian fugitive being airlifted by a medical helicopter apparently tried to commandeer the aircraft in flight, causing it to crash and killing him and the three-member crew, authorities said Monday.
"What portion of the 12 percent are drivers is not yet known," said Richard Sykes, professor of speech communication at the University of Minnesota and director of the survey.
Maronites have controlled key government posts, the army and judiciary since independence from France in 1943.
The largest increase in the budget comes in the company's petroleum refining, marketing, petrochemicals and plastics business _ up from $330 million in 1988 to $389 million in 1989.
The $9.9 billion appropriations package is heading toward the president's desk following its approval by Congress on Thursday. The Senate passed it by voice vote; the House endorsed it on a 359-45 roll call.
Among other statistics released by the association: _The most common cardiovascular disease is high blood pressure, which affects 60 million Americans.
Like kinsmen in neighboring Zaire, their height averages about 3 feeet and they usually live in forests, eating meat, roots and wild fruit.
"If there's a meter there, we can't really turn down service as long as there are no safety problems," Liipfert says.
"Our investment banker felt the price should be increased to enable it to render a fairness opinion," said James E. Buckman, Days Inns executive vice president and general counsel.
Ramadan is in competition with another oldtimer, deputy chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council (the highest decision-making body) Izzat Ibrahim.
He may also face at least several months more for a 1981 probation violation, officials said.
(41) "Anything But Love," ABC, 12.9.
He called Helm's injuries "overwhelming." Helm, who commuted 250 miles to rural from the Oakland to rural Weaverville to visit his family on weekends, was trapped in his crushed car for 89 hours.
From January 3 the channel will broadcast European Money Wheel, five hours of business news and information on weekday mornings.
After reports earlier this year linked the apple pesticide Alar to cancer risks in children, supermarkets had to act "to head off a flap," he says.
So if the market were to rise by 35 per cent and then fall back, the investor would have secured a 30 per cent gain.
"That's not going to make people live their lives together and be responsible to each other," she says.
Williams also disclosed that the Pentagon's No. 2 procurement officer, Donald Yockey, and the Navy's assistant secretary for procurement, Gerald Cann, met with unidentified representatives of McDonnell Douglas and General Dynamics today.
Members of the opposition Hungarian Democratic Forum ruled out any coalition with the Communist Party before general elections planned next year.
Because ailments allegedly caused by asbestos take years to appear, new cases are still being filed.
The eager beaver tries to take over the group but generally isn't the best person.
The few Arabians that survived the allied bombing there landed back at Janow, Gen.
Herb Gray of Windsor, Ontario, immediately replaces Turner as head of the Liberals in Parliament.
Col. Triumfo Augustin, constabulary commander in the area, estimated 20,000 people were homeless.
Aker would not be drawn on details of the foreign investors. Mr Tom Ruud, Aker's chief executive, said the disposal had improved liquidity and cleared the way for the planned listing on the London stock exchange.
He quietly raised $200,000 for a black voter registration drive in the South that was instrumental in returning the Senate to Democratic control that fall.
The European Economic Community's economic sentiment indicator recovered strongly in March amid optimism about Europe's economic prospects for the next year, the EEC Commission said Thursday.
"We hope that the government will now hold to its own promised timetable and continue on a course to allow open and free elections," government spokesman Herbert Schmuelling said.
Davis died of cancer at George Washington University Hospital.
Another bank unit, Seafirst Corp., will have its Ba-1 senior debt reviewed, as will Seafirst National Bank's Baa-1 long-term deposits.
Three members of the jury reached Friday by telephone said the show had no effect on their verdict, the Tampa Tribune reported Saturday.
Like cellular telephone licenses, the FCC conducts lotteries to award wireless cable licenses.
He opened a private car-repair shop in 1985 by getting a license to repair the eastern German Trabant, the two-cylinder car with the plastic body and an engine that sounds like an angry lawn mower.
Civil rights activists are accusing the Supreme Court of "redneck justice" and urging Congress to stem what they say is a reactionary tide threatening 35 years of progress for minorities and women.
But it did reinforce the feeling that the economy isn't about to slump into a recession, analysts said.
Documents show the three-term Democrat, facing re-election in 1994, assisted Keating in his bid to have Gray removed from the examination of Lincoln.
The plane will remain at Norwood until Pan Am and the FAA have a chance to go over it, he said.
There is one plus, though.
The fleet commander, Adm.
"Between Christmas and New Year's, you might cut back to what you think is the bare minimum," says Thomas Barman, senior vice president of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse's New York branch.
Aboard the rocket was a communications satellite for the British military and a satellite for television and radio broadcasts to Europe.
The federal government will push harder to revive atomic power. Tax dollars may be used to develop a nuclear reactor with added safety features, but public opposition to the atom is likely to persist.
In Washington, the State Department disclosed Monday that Secretary of State James A. Baker III met with him in September at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
California's press shield law, which forbids holding reporters in contempt for withholding confidential sources or unpublished material, provides ironclad protection in civil cases, the court said in a unanimous decision.
The dock contains five blocks of five-story, red-brick and cast-iron warehouses surrounding a 7-acre "courtyard" of water.
Their failure to share information is more than a bureaucratic tangle.
It hopes to treble its volume of communications business through its association with France Telecom.
At the end of the two years, he says, an undiversified portfolio that held just one or the other investment would have a cumulative return of zero.
Democratic Assemblyman Norman Waters began a vigil Friday in the Assembly chambers.
For starters, be aware of what these performance numbers really represent.
Six men survived 40 hours in the Pacific Ocean by fashioning a makeshift raft out of buoys and nets from their sunken fishing boat, the Coast Guard said.
Japan's robust economy has yet to show signs of inflation.
KEITH HARING ESTATE settled a lawsuit against Playboy.
Some funds are allowed to take bull and bear positions in a range of financial instruments, and even in agricultural commodities, where there is a perceived opportunity for profit.
Meanwhile, Mr. Walsh's staff is evaluating how it will gather information it needs from President Reagan.
His home number is unlisted.
One juvenile was in custody and warrants were issued for a second juvenile and Darryl Wilson, 22, of Denver, she said.
The Army, by comparison, would have half of its top 14 acquisition programs terminated next year and its budget slashed nearly 15% by the fall of 1994.
His first financial success came was the Servitron Robot, a vinyl, 4-feet-tall, remote-control toy that serves drinks at parties.
He said the investigation would be turned over to the Will County state's attorney's office.
Last month was the city's coldest and snowiest December on record, pushing Syracuse's snowfall for the decade to 1,075 inches, according to meteorologist Peter Jung.
If they can do what they did in this court, nobody is safe in the courts." Bradley was arrested March 4 while leaving a grocery store. Security guards testified during his trial that they saw Bradley eating several handfuls of grapes while shopping.
The Richmond, Va., company filed a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday about the court's reversal, and said it was "evaluating its options.
Saudi Arabia's readiness to compromise and the involvement of several Gulf heads of state underlined how seriously Opec takes the threat to its position.
Polish living standards dropped sharply in the early 1980s and still have not climbed back to the level of a decade ago.
This can hold up shipped cargo, and given the long and complicated Mexican custom procedures, add significantly to costs.
The new company's chairman would be Craig Wiggins, currently chairman of Foote Cone's European operations, and its vice chairman would be Gerard Pedraglio, a top Publicis executive.
The Soviets still operate about 100 such subs.
Frank Joseph Smithart, 19, apologized for the vandalism and pleaded guilty to two counts of second-degree criminal mischief for defacing the entrances to the two buildings.
However, the gains are so slight that average yields for most maturities are still below the levels of two weeks ago.
How well would an economy already struggling with tight credit conditions and weak consumer spending bear the added burden of a tax increase?
But the most controversial section of the legislation was the plan to overhaul the law that blocks new products with any element of futurity from trading on a securities exchange.
Lantos, 62, a member of the House since 1981, terminated an interview last October and requested that further questions be submitted in writing, the newspaper said.
If flight attendants do strike, the airline said it will keep flying, using about 2,000 managers trained as flight attendants were and 200 newly hired replacements.
On average, the London motorist can expect to pick up only one parking ticket for every 50 infringements.
'And you also wonder whether there really are that many opportunities out there in the first place.' THERE is no better measure of Saudi Arabia's business buoyancy than its stock market.
Wold calls itself the nation's biggest distributor of syndicated television programming to independent TV stations and transmits news for Japanese companies.
Jaruzelski's vote to lift the ban on Solidarity concluded his dramatic change of course in the past eight years.
Ceremonies took place at the Decorative Arts Museum, which is honoring the whimsical dog with a retrospective featuring Snoopy memorabilia.
Private investment funds will be created to manage and invest the vouchers on behalf of the public.
But they could overcome an impasse that has thwarted peace efforts since a shaky first truce collapsed last summer.
The two-story frame farm house and the surrounding 25 acres in suburban Mount Pleasant had been slated for part of a residential development, but a citizens group known as Friends of Historic Snee Farm took title to the property over the weekend.
Battle lines are drawn again, however, with two Cuban-Americans already in the race on the Republican side, state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and millionaire banana importer Carlos Perez, a prominent supporter of former President Reagan and Lt.
UK universities are internationally renowned for the quality of education they give the top 30 per cent of academic achievers.
Only one committee member, Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, voted against Dunne's confirmation.
Ahmed Shah, a guerrilla designated by the rebel alliance to head an all-rebel interim government, stood in the 95-degree heat and told the crowd his administration would soon move into Afghanistan. He gave no deadline.
The coroner's office ruled after an autopsy was performed on the woman's headless body, basing its findings on the opinions of toxicologists and a pathologist contracted by Riverside County, Cupido said.
Ms. Rossi said someone had called the airline's London office and said a bomb was on board the aircraft.
"You can always pick some number and say, `Is this enough, or is this too little?"' he said.
Makoto Utsumi, vice minister for international affairs, said the ministry didn't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out.
As the dollar surged to an eight-month high in Tokyo, the Bank of Japan said it will take appropriate action with other industrialized nations if necessary to curb its strength.
Mossinghoff acknowledged that "a subliminal purpose (for the press conference) is to let elder Americans know that it is important for the FDA to have adequate funding" to review these new drugs.
"We need to keep on promoting socialism." Mr. Cronin, a mild-mannered white poet, burrowed into the SACP underground during his university days.
The company's stock tumbled this summer when the company reported lower-than-expected earnings.
For these causes the people of Great Britain, the United States and other Allied nations have for 44 years made enormous sacrifices to keep our alliance strong and our military ready.
Some people believe that if the economy really falls apart, the party might reach out to a New Deal/Great Society candidate.
BAA, the operator of Britain's seven biggest airports, is offering 455 pence ($8.13) a share for the 80.2% of Lynton it didn't own before making its bid May 16, valuing the target company at #220 million ($393 million).
The nation's high on Monday was 88 degrees at El Cajon, Calif.
"Consumers definitely don't want any fruit from Chile and we don't offer any fruit from Chile.
Many residents believe the problem in Sindh is beyond the government's control.
Sales in the quarter rose 49%, to 4.70 billion marks ($2.72 billion) from 3.15 billion marks.
It takes a while for managers to become comfortable in using them," says Edward S. Story, a vice president at Plexus Group in Santa Monica, Calif., which is marketing Instinet's Crossing Network.
Kodak's earnings for all of 1989 declined 62 percent to $529 million, or $1.63 per share, compared with $1.40 billion, or $4.31 per share, in 1988.
A healthy economy is the Republicans' "hole card," he says.
The local economy is diversifying, tourism and trade are up and the jobless rate was a relatively low 4.1 percent as of August.
The signing brings Dallas-based EDS to its goal of having 75% of the work it does for GM governed by long-term fixed-price agreements.
But AT&T now is under a regulatory scheme that controls its prices within a prescribed range of "caps" tied to the rate of inflation, not its profits.
Mr. Cook said that he wasn't concerned about a possible takeover of the company.
The Brady plan is causing the accounting value of loans to debt-troubled countries to "catch up with the economic value," Moody's says.
Adolph Coors Co. announced Monday it will introduce a five-gallon disposable container of beer called "Party Ball" later this month.
The 1991 request for the space station represents a 36 percent, or $699 million, increase over the 1990 amount.
The most recent estimates indicate soy ink will cost about one-third more than conventional low-rub ink, but as the demand for it increases, the price could decrease.
London could win but it requires a level of unity and co-operation which has not been seen in recent years." 'My sentiments entirely,' said the sports minister.
Simpson, an economist who has spent ten years in the packaging industry, will be responsible for the collective performance of the group's Newcastle and Thatcham factories.
Of course, calling this Iowa Republican a '60s child is strictly literal.
USDA said sales of sorghum totaled 347,100 tons, the most in the current marketing year.
Eleven of the Channelview victims, including Davis, were employees of Austin Industries.
But the liberalization of the local market will proceed gradually to allow local firms time to adjust to foreign competition, said Lu Dauny Yen, vice chairman of Taiwan's Securities and Exchange Commission.
But Ford says it won't invite reporters to watch the top officials get their checks.
"You have a cyclical industry that is clearly at or near its low," Mr. Long says.
Losing ticket: Republicans Barry Goldwater for president and William Miller for vice president.
Woolworth went up 3/4 to 62 1/4.
"We want you to communicate our concerns to the British government and we request that you advise us of the steps being undertaken by the U.S. government to adress the profound policy implications raised by this egregious deal," the letter said.
Domestic coal production so far this year is 119.8 million tons, 8.1 percent ahead of last year's production at this time.
Only four years ago it sold half its milk operations to Dairy Crest.
In the Napoli pas, and then in a fragment from Le Papillon, he showed a phenomenal facility - a circuit of the stage interspersing racing leaps with tight, clear pirouettes was astonishing.
For the past five years, specialty stores' sales growth has outpaced that of department stores by about 22%, eliciting an almost religious ardor on Wall Street.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto will visit China on Feb. 11-14 on her first official trip abroad, the foreign ministry announced Sunday.
"With oil prices supposed to fall, I was looking for new highs in just about every airline stock," Ms. Bockstern said.
Finally, $200 million of preferred stock will be issued to a KKR partnership in exchange for retiring $200 million of an about $600 million bridge loan that KKR has outstanding to RJR.
"It was a non-event, unlike the rest of the market.
Rushdie dropped out of sight soon after Khomeini announced the death sentence on Tuesday on him and Viking, his publishers in Britain and the United States.
Before seeing Fahd, Voronstov met with Moslem Afghan guerrillas, under Saudi sponsorship, in the Taif Mountain resort.
General Motors Corp. will cut about 3,200 production jobs at three plants in February and March because of slow auto sales, the nation's biggest automaker said in another indication of the industry's severe slump.
It is controlled by the National Liberation Front.
When asked how today's scholars might approach an altered version, Mr. Greetham described a form of advanced literary analysis known as Reception Theory, in which "authorial intention has no particular precedence.
The Post has two classes of stock, one controlled by the Graham family and the other traded publicly.
The space institute's 1,500 researchers chose by popular vote its new director, Albert Galeev, 48, also a physicist who was a student of Sagdeev at Novosibirsk University.
Viardo won the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1973, and gave concerts in the United States in 1974 and 1975.
About 180 miles north, about 200 people were evacuated from Coahoma County homes as a flood swept through their neighborhoods.
Large companies continued to cut staff, while small companies were increasing the size of their workforce. However, employment expectations for the second quarter are improving.
If he were brilliant, he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place.
Two Arabs in Gaza City were stabbed and beaten by Palestinian activists on suspicion of cooperating with Israeli authorities.
At Drexel he courted RJR Nabisco President F. Ross Johnson, whobegan the bidding war for the food and tobacco giant.
Guerrillas armed with assault rifles killed a West German priest when he tried to rescue another missionary who was being attacked with a hatchet, a church spokesman said Wednesday.
RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a 1991 1990 x-% Jun 11-20 Jun 11-20 Chg.
The free agents averaged just a 5% salary increase.
But a fall in world oil prices since 1981, combined with debt payments, has depleted monetary reserves.
The KIO has earlier changed and stopped the flow of funds to Spanish assets. A spokesman for Grupo Torras, the KIO's holding company in Spain, said yesterday: 'We cannot make Prima viable in the present environment'.
The successor is Lewis W. Coleman, 46, a rapidly ascending alumnus of Wells Fargo, BankAmerica's San Francisco rival.
This is where McIlveen also makes sure of legality, environmental considerations and the lender's potential liabilities. 'We like lending to things that are already under way,' he says.
Five minutes later Dunga and Romario combined to set Bebeto through but his shot was blocked. The closest Italian squeak came after 24 minutes when Branco practised his speciality - the bent free-kick - from 25 yards out.
In response to the NRC's suspension of its review of Peach Bottom, Philadelphia Electric will submit a management reorganization plan to the agency by early December, the spokesman said.
The dispatch did not say when the incident occurred.
The ban interferes with the gathering and reporting of truthful and significant information about the political process on election day, the network argued in federal court papers.
Some roughly similar constitutional issues arose, however, in cases in 1976 and 1984 involving challenges by landlords to rent control measures in Berkeley.
In sum, the law might have shot itself in the foot, but it deserves to be shot in the head, along with Mr. Carson's proposal.
At a local gasoline station visited monthly by a part-time Labor Deprtment worker, the manager is nonchalant about his role in compiling one of the government's most important economic indicators.
At that time, government used its muscle to solve the problem; but in the current era of democracy, it can't.
'Instead, they are doing a great deal of research, looking for tactical offers and promotions which may be available.' But trading down by executives is not all gloom for the travel industry.
In 1979, the Washington and Moscow signed SALT II setting limits on long-range nuclear weapons.
Her pitch was always accurate.
He considered Marilyn Monroe and John Wayne before settling on Sinatra.
Pepsi in April withdrew its TV commercial featuring Madonna, saying consumers were confusing the music video with its ad, which contained no religious imagery.
Brokers only expect the market to worsen, as One Peachtree Center and two other large towers add 3.6 million square feet, or 31% more space, to the market by 1993.
Cray cited competitive and economic conditions for delays in obtaining contracts for systems to be installed this year.
If more U.S. companies do get back into D-rams, say critics of the consortium idea, Japanese companies will just bring their advantages to bear on other chip products and markets, making a more wide-ranging industrial policy necessary.
IBM says it has sold about 100,000 "Mammals" disks, at $99 to schools and libraries and $149 for consumers.
The ability of Tory managers to anaesthetise those who show the slightest sign of revolt is well-known.
They also said they preferred diplomatic, rather than military, efforts to resolve the crisis.
It faces the immense challenge of pulling Algeria out of a crisis brought on by the plummeting price of oil, which represents 97 percent of the country's export earnings.
He declined to predict when Digital would produce a workstation based on that product.
Seven of the Georgia charges against Brown stem from his arrest last Sept. 24 by the Richmond County Sheriff's Department.
Nor has the flow of rights issues upset share prices to date. However, most strategists agree that share prices will remain vulnerable until there is further indication that the UK economy is securely on the recovery trail.
The association took other anti-smoking steps, including a call for statutory prohibitions against billboard advertising for tobacco products.
Nearly every other developed country has given up on the market as a means of dispensing health care.
As previously reported, the tender offer is slated to expire June 2 at midnight EDT.
After Gdansk, he retired to the ambassadorship in Brussels.
For that reason, Jesse Jackson wasn't a comfortable choice for them.
Officials said they also are planning deeper than expected cuts in government spending next year, in an effort to curtail the expected inflationary effects of higher oil prices.
Representative offices have not been allowed in the past to carry out full banking business.
"If true it would be troubling," he said. "It would violate the spirit of the House.
International Business Machines Corp. was awarded a $24.8 million Air Force contract for satellite support.
This budget achieves that goal and complies with the spending limits set by the economic summit.
She said many people who know the two and their families were concerned about their well-being and think they are being dragged through the mud.
In animal tests, the liposome vaccine produced "significantly" more antibodies than did a vaccine alone, says Philip Livingston, a Sloan-Kettering researcher.
Mr. Blanc later created nearly all the famous voices in the Looney Tunes universe, basing each on the physical characteristics and personality of the creature presented to him on story boards.
"If they're playing baseball here, I'm watching. The Cubs could swap their whole team for minor leaguers and I'd still come out," said he.
The first two tales unfold from the point of view of small boys learning the oldest lesson in the book, that humans pay a price when their desire or greed interrupts nature's course.
Why not simply start the women's groups and skip the loans and entrepreneurship?
Moore, a Republican who was governor from 1969 to 1977 and again from 1985 to 1989, is the second West Virginia governor to serve a prison term.
In the British case, targeting the south of England, it worked, but the US is a much bigger place. A common thread of the US electoral comparisons is the insider-outsider contrast.
Chrysler guarantees that if it boosts the rebates before Sept. 30, the automaker will make up the difference to those that bought the vehicles during the current incentive period.
They foster hostile takeovers and an over-reliance on profitability as a yardstick of success. The chapter on Britain offers a rich and complex explanation of why its industry is in decline.
Rostenkowski, in a statement on the new report, said the reduction in tax burdens for the wealthy was "staggering." The CBO conclusion is essentially the same as that in a study by Citizens for Tax Justice that was made public Thursday.
The editors of Glasnost hope to continue publishing, but they are having trouble getting needed equipment and offices.
In the first two months of this year alone, Ms. Moore arranged $1.3 billion of credit for three big companies that entered Chapter 11 proceedings.
When he finishes his secondary education, Vicente will receive the principal in the fund, which could be put toward college or starting a business.
Philippine Sen. Aquilino Pimentel said the travel advisory was meant to show that the Philippines has falled into "anarchy and chaos" to justify moving the talks outside the country.
Later attempts by two helicopters to reach the glacier were also unsuccessful, Ehret said.
Ships unload their cargo into the pipeline for transport to an inland oil refinery.
But Ginnie Maes and other mortgage-backed securities were unchanged to slightly higher, bolstered by demand associated with two large new offerings of Remics, or real estate mortgage investment conduits.
He wasn't going to reason with anyone.
We'll look forward to a visit." Edited highlights of the program were broadcast later Monday on the BBC's English-language World Services.
So despite his book's subtitle, he does not restrict himself to the immediate postwar period because the Cold War's origins lie further back, most particularly, in the doctrines and personalities of the Bolshevik state.
One measure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of the economy's strength, new orders for nondefense capital goods, rose 1.3% to $30.15 billion in October after climbing 0.7% the month before.
This is an understandable pairing.
By official count, about 200 people were killed and more than 1,700 others injured.
Congress defied the political odds to pass a fundamental tax-overhaul bill.
The Rhode Island Democrat received only a single $5,000 contribution in the first half of this year despite the threat of a strong Republican opponent for the first time in nearly two decades.
Colombia and Malaysia will be Nos. 10 and 11.
The Democratic governor said he met privately Wednesday with Texas oilman Robert Mosbacher, a longtime Bush associate selected by the Republican president-elect to be commerce secretary in his administration.
"Maybe some of us were a little arrogant at times," conceded one Chase investment banker.
The state Health Department said Sunday it is paying several AIDS-infected prostitutes not to have sex.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, High Voltage closed at $17.625, down 37.5 cents.
It allows abortions if a woman's doctor deems a patient is in "a state of distress." Opponents say this in fact makes abortion available on demand.
Environmentalists are trying to discourage the bank and other international lending institutions from putting money into Third World development projects considered harmful to the environment or native peoples.
The 66-year-old, auburn-haired "Red Barron" was narrowly defeated in the Democratic primary on Tuesday.
Rogers began his career in the 1960s performing as a back-up guitarist and later toured as a folk singer. "Through the early and mid '70s, I kept expanding the introductions to my songs," he said.
Consumer and business confidence have sunk over the summer as growth has dwindled.
Gore would take 56 of his party's delegates with 14 for Jackson.
That will require a shake-up of the government.
Others resigned themselves to staying.
Another 2,000 guardsmen are in some stage of preparedness.
Micek said officers examined the records of a number of fires and noticed that Marts had been at the scene of several. "It just clicked," Micek said.
Ultimately, Miss Aggeles said she aspires to a career on Broadway and in film.
Mr. Miercort, 47 years old, succeeds Robert E. Murray, 48, who was dismissed.
The government first acknowledged the Hanford problems publicly in 1986, although much information about radiation releases there is still classified as secret.
Engines for either the 747 or the MD-11 are available from GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce PLC, a London-based maker of aircraft engines.
Peretz says Israel should tighten its Law of Return, which affords automatic citizenship to all Jewish immigrants.
Meanwhile, as Barnett awaited the SEC's green-light on the offering, its shares slid several points to below what it considered an acceptable offering price.
Here I was, I had just done `The Cosby Show.'
Unlike the standard 110-volt bulb, these could be run off a car or truck battery.
MCI currently offers basic long-distance and telex services.
A definitive contract between Faberge's owner, Riklis Family Corp., and Unilever United States Inc., the holding company for Unilever's American operations, has been signed and the transaction is expected to be completed within 30 days.
We would like to do more, but it would be wrong to rely on government funding alone. The industry, which stands to reap the direct financial benefits, must also play an active role.
The pesticide, in wide agricultural use in the 1950s and 1960s, built up in the food chain killing many wild birds. Environmentalists hailed the recovery as a triumph for the 1973 Endangered Species Act, now before Congress for re-authorisation.
"At least, it gave the market a psychological boost," said one equity trader.
The situation was being watched "on through the night" by staff at both the State Department and National Security Council, said Fitzwater.
After some discussion, he said, Mr. Casey suggested Secretary of State George Shultz could approach a third country for the money.
It is understood Mr de Klerk opposes the idea of a deputy presidency, insisting on a more equal relationship between the leader of the majority party and others within the coalition.
She said only two of about 150 candidates supported by the ultra-right nationalist group Pamyat survived the first round.
"We bought the team to get good tickets, not make more money."
"What I've been told is the campaign will see what it looks like tonight and the senator will talk to his advisers to see what direction the campaign will take," Mulligan said.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, head of the center-left Labor Party, demanded Monday that the PLO present a clear-cut position.
Pravda described the accident scene as being one of "brief panic," but said medical workers from Moscow and nearby Gorky were immediately notified and asked for help.
Still, the polls contained chiefly good news for Dukakis as he looks ahead to November.
The winner should be announced by late October.
"There is now an immense hole in amateur surfing on the West Coast because he was really the crankshaft of organized surfing on the West Coast," said Surfer magazine publisher Steve Pezman. "The sport will miss him.
It's possible, but there is no reason to expect such an outcome.
"They're a big trap," says Laura Freid, publisher and editor-in-chief of Bostonian magazine.
"Our relationship is terminated," Mr. Ryan said in a telephone interview.
Foster Wheeler Power is a designer, builder and operator of waste-to-energy and cogeneration plants.
Relations between the two countries have sunk to their lowest point in years.
They have their political problems, too.
Pilots managed to maneuver the plane down into the Sioux City airport by using thrust from the two remaining engines.
A spokesman for Affiliated said that Mason Hawkins, who heads the investment firm, "has in the past been supportive of management" and that he didn't know why Southeastern had changed its stance.
The Royal Shakespeare Co. in Stratford, for example, offers balcony seats for as little as $7.50 _ a move that financial controller Wilkinson said balanced out the "superseat" prices.
Before considering the desirability or feasibility of a World EMS, let us briefly review the essence of the EMS and its achievements.
Mazursky highlights the comedy with real-life cameo appearances. Sammy Davis Jr. sings for the carnival, Ike Pappas plays a television reporter.
Upwardly mobile individuals in LDCs behave in ways not unlike middle-class consumers everywhere.
Prominent opposition activists are frequently expelled to West Germany.
Census workers will wear special vests so they can be identified and receive safety training and travel in groups, she explained. But they will not be accompanied by police.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev acknowledged again on Tuesday that the two Germanys had a right to unify.
The picturesque moments, including the Butterfly Dance, the Chair Dance, and the Canaries, are drawn with skill and delight.
While many people, including Mr. Gorbachev and President Yeltsin, have been interviewed by the investigators, charges were lodged only against those who actually planned the coup and not those who supported it politically, Mr. Stepankov said.
But Loc, who grew up in a two-story house on the affluent west side of Los Angeles and went to University High School and Santa Monica College, had to travel by bus to the city's tough south side to get his reputation.
She was 12 feet down the pipe, said Sharon Pittman, mother of four of the boys.
Separately, a three-judge federal appeals panel temporarily blocked another independent counsel from asking a grand jury to indict former White House aide Michael Deaver on perjury charges.
The Fed's latest actions involve requests from Citicorp, the nation's largest banking concern; Chase Manhattan Corp. and Bankers Trust New York Corp.
In Indonesia, Mrs. Quayle will travel from the capital to learn about coping with volcanic eruptions, and in Singapore, she'll find out about cleaning up oil spills.
Completion of the transaction is expected within 30 days, Danaher said.
The United States and France, Haiti's two main donors, helped bring about Avril's ouster and have said financial aid will be restored under a democratic government.
Wells Rich's entry into the international arena, however, comes as Mrs. Lawrence is pulling herself further out of the day-to-day operations of the agency.
In March, EPLF guerrillas broke through a 10-year-old front south of their headquarters in Nacfa and overran the government-held town of Afabet, capturing three Soviet military advisers in the process.
Zevulun Hammer of the National Religious Party, religious affairs minister, said earlier Monday he was trying to find common ground.
Rounding out the top 10 were Detroit, Boston, Dallas, Washington and Houston.
He was repeatedly thwarted by the president, governors and some ministers.
Hundreds of students hurling firebombs and rocks fought riot police in Seoul and two other cities today to protest the arrest of a fugitive radical student leader.
But even though the worst has passed, the airline's reputation for shoddy service continues to haunt it, and many service problems remain intractable.
The building apparently was owned by a company in which Coe has part interest, Moncier said.
But six months after German unity, most experts agree that many of the east's factories are in much worse shape than anyone imagined they would be.
Moreover, many investors simply don't realize they hold junk-bond funds.
The Justice Department, meanwhile, asked authorities in Switzerland, France, Luxembourg and Britain to freeze bank accounts in which Noriega is believed to have stashed millions of dollars in illegal drug profits.
Meese is expected to testify at the trial at federal court in Manhattan.
He refused to talk about partisan politics because of the sensitivity of his position.
The driver ran into a police station to escape the crowd that pursued him, but enraged citizens stormed the station, dragged him out and beat him unconscious, the state radio reported.
As performed by the Ailey dancers, it looks even less appealing, since they do not offer the classic securities with which such ABT artists as Natalya Makarova and Erik Bruhn redeemed choreographic blatancies.
Light rain fell along the New England coastline early today and a wave of severe thunderstorms lashed the Midwest.
There has been much speculation recently that the next step in the Wall Street investigations will be to move beyond insider trading to broader questions such as market manipulation and tax evasion.
None of the discovered planets could actually be seen by the astronomers because they are blotted out by the brightness of the stars.
Armenian deputy Lyudmilla Arytyunyan told reporters all 14 Armenians present voted against it.
But we decided the opposite, to open more to political competition and to advances in democracy.
That was in 1985.
Mattea is the reigning singer.
The town may be dying, and though the mall out by the interstate and the Wal-Mart at the edge of town may be providing a commercial alternative to the town, they still haven't replaced the commerce and cohesion of town life.
Dow Jones industrials 2983.68, up 7.16; transportation 1217.12, up 10.66; utilities 211.82, up 0.82.
The male stars get to dress up like sheiks, ride camels and tell jokes that play off their real-life personas.
ICN shares fell 62.5 cents Friday to close at $6.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The Blue Arrow affair "undoubtedly has cast a shadow" over County NatWest, said Lord Alexander, who appeared frazzled after a week of crisis.
"The signals are so mixed that no one is taking a firm view one way or another," he said.
He was my one connection to the community. Otherwise, we were outcasts," Wiener said.
Britain today pledged to contribute to a U.S.-organized fund to share costs of the Persian Gulf operation against Iraq, and Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the European portion of his fund-raising tour a success.
Competitiveness is based on the effectiveness of the innovation process as a whole.
Though the Chevrolet Corvette has had a plastic body for years, the Lumina, Trans Sport and Silhouette still represent a big gamble for GM.
The charges amount to "a house of cards delicately balanced on a series of unprecedented reinterpretations of House rules," they argued.
It's got a large and unwieldy cast, with a confusing setup of part-time hosts (Mr. Garagiola, for example, is just on Tuesdays to Thursdays) and none of them are what the show really needs.
He has been transferring money in his general portfolio from south-east Asia to Latin America for the past four months.
Another reason bond and stock traders should watch commodity prices is because the Federal Reserve does, says Mr. Murphy.
But so far, he declares, there's little evidence the "new urgency" is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring.
The expense and logistics of distributing the water - bottled water must be purchased - has prompted the military to begin using water taken from oasis wells and processed from the sea.
Two other Americans arrived from Iraq on Wednesday.
"There's enormous potential out there for every city in the country," says Mayor Joseph Petruzzi of Bellmawr, N.J., which is fighting two such suits.
After walking from his wheelchair to a row of microphones 15 feet away, Brady, known to his friends as "Bear," pronounced himself ready for work.
Shortly after the deposit was made, the businessman transferred the money out of Credit Suisse and invested it in a certificate of deposit at a second Swiss bank, where it has accumulated an estimated $253,000 in interest, Mr. Belnick said.
"In the long run, the situation we have now isn't good for anyone _ even the members of the iron triangle," Reagan said. "Fundamentally, the American people know what's up, and they don't like it.
Maeda did not attend Monday's meeting.
AIM quoted the missionaries as saying all the deaths occurred in Memba, 240 miles south of the border with Tanzania.
Nigeria is a major exporter of oil to this country.
Former Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega paid his first visit to the United States since his election defeat last February and admitted he made many mistakes while in power.
Since that time, the federal government has faced increasing public pressure from East Malaysians to make something of the island.
The transaction was "renegotiated" after Park Plaza conducted a physical inspection and analysis of all the properties, the spokesman said.
"Keep your eye on the state finances," says John Marino, New York's Democratic chairman and a close Cuomo adviser.
PETA says it doesn't advocate violence but wouldn't be surprised if more incidents occur.
No single party garnered more than 13% of the vote.
Its stock, which went public at $21 a share in late April, closed yesterday at $24.125, off 25 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Popov, a judge who is a member of neither leading faction, was chosen to lead a new government after strikes and protests forced Socialist Premier Andrei Lukanov and his government of former Communists to quit late last month.
Mr. Eastwood said that the company hasn't decided what it will charge and that California utility regulators must approve the fees.
Can the company turn the failures round while insulating the successes from recession?
Former RCA employee Leonard Kampf and current RCA employee Ronald Stevens each pleaded guilty to one felony count and face sentencing April 6.
Ward Bushee became executive editor of the Reno Gazette-Journal on July 16, replacing Charlie Waters, who resigned.
This domestic morass also has become linked to the beginnings of a foreign-policy problem.
The lumbering Japan Air Lines 747 drones over bustling Grant County Mall on its landing approach, the most dramatic sign that this remote little town has survived and prospered since Larson Air Force Base closed in 1966.
Mahallati's letter said "Iraqi forces ambushed our patrols" near Baneh, in the central sector of the front, 20 miles from the border with Iraq and about 310 miles west of Tehran.
A ConAgra spokesman said the final agreement probably will include a provision for purchase of the entire Swift operation within four years.
Out of total production till March of 44.12m kg south India contributed 29.85m kg, which was 10m kg lower than the crop in the first quarter of 1991.
Ms. Culver was in stable condition suffering from exhaustion, exposure and sunburn but was sleeping and doing well, Wannamaker said.
Volume was light in contrast to the previous week's activity in which about 1 billion shares traded hands in the busiest week in more than a year.
But in any deal Noriega works out, he would likely demand a promise that he not be extradited to the United States.
Up to 400 guerrillas participated in the pre-dawn attack on the civil defense post in Zaragoza, 10 miles south of San Salvador, an army sergeant said.
The Reagan administration's latest stated estimate of the budget deficit for all of the current fiscal year is $146.74 billion, but many private analysts predict a gap in the $160 billion to $175 billion range.
A huge turnout among the 7.4 million registered voters slowed balloting at many polling places and could delay definitive tallies, authorities said.
Under the measure, the arrest authority for Border Patrol agents has been expanded from immigration law violations to other crimes, including suspected drug activity.
It said the Kay stores, mostly on the East and West Coasts and in Texas, would fit in well with Sterling Inc., a U.S. jewelry retailer that Ratners acquired in 1987 for $203 million.
"Some people like to talk about this, others don't," she replied.
A leading Republican senator accused fellow GOP lawmakers and conservatives Tuesday of "downright deliberate deceit" in attacks on a major child care package and said the Republican alternative paled in comparison.
The Panamanian Defense Forces in turn condemned the blockade, during which Panamanian troops trained anti-aircraft weapons on U.S. helicopters circling overhead.
The Kremlin chief, who was responsible for agriculture before becoming party general secretary, frequently has consulted with Razumovsky on farm policy.
The commission didn't indicate whether it would seek to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.
It wasn't known who, if anyone, the guns were leveled upon.
More spending on health and education would be likely.
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously, saying the plan would further swell its huge debt, which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year.
But the foreign and domestic challenges facing the United States remain as great as ever.
Pax World Fund avoids the top 100 defense contractors but accepts companies that do business in South Africa.
Two trailer parks were evacuated, Iberville Parish officials said.
The dollar closed at 150.30 yen, down 1.38 yen from Tuesday's 151.68-yen finish.
Mr. Bush said yesterday he will talk about health care next Tuesday, but details aren't expected until a Feb. 6 speech, officials said.
About 4,200 people in 10 cities were injured in Thursday's storm, which caused an estimated $40 million in damage in the hardest-hit city of Luzhou.
"If I had a bad heart, it would have given me a heart attack," Mrs. Davis said.
For many institutions, it's a drain on their resources and a distraction from their main business.' Fixed-price contracts generally profit both parties.
She is Gail Palmer-Slater, 35, of Port Huron, Mich., a business entrepreneur and former porn film producer who had written Thompson several weeks earlier saying she wanted to meet him.
But the selling in that prominent stock did not spread to other blue-chip and technology issues.
Certainly someone needs to wake up, but it isn't the voters.
Yesterday, Standard & Poor's Corp. lowered ratings on Federal Express's $200 million of commercial paper to A-3 from A-2, citing "near-term liquidity pressure" from the restructuring.
But a craftsman such as Ransom spends several days, sometimes weeks, on a single instrument.
While there appeared to be no damage to electrical or electronic systems, "we won't know for sure until we power up the vehicle," Utsman said.
Mr. Necci replies that after a capital increase and the share offering, the company's debt should equal equity.
The testing is the result of an executive order by President Reagan two years ago directing the government to produce a drug-free workplace.
Saunders obtained the information from former Navy procurement official George G. Stone, who pleaded guilty to participating in the scheme, and passed it along to defense consultant Thomas E. Muldoon.
And our bill would make Congress come clean with the American taxpayer as to the real cost of punitive trade legislation.
None was among the 81,000 people who saw the exhibit.
Disney, 45, also served as Sunday editor at the Daily News before becoming editor-in-chief of Self and US magazines.
"Windows cannot be opened without a screen to keep flies and bacteria from coming in freely," Vice Education Minister He Dongchang said in a recent interview.
Manuel Sanchez, director of the Center for Economic Research and Analysis, a private think tank, said in an interview that short-term anxiety will ease if investors see that the government is negotiating a solid, long-term agreement on the debt.
There also were reports of a government plan to introduce subsidies to encourage Japanese to buy imported cars.
Mayor David Dinkins condemned "eye for an eye" violence after a gang of blacks attacked three Vietnamese they mistook for Koreans, fracturing one man's skull blocks from a black boycott of two Korean stores.
Then bang, back down to depression.
Showers and thunderstorms fell Saturday across the eastern United States after violent storms that included tornadoes in four states.
The massive complex was completed 1,000 days later, standing in the heart of historic Berlin, its block-like dimensions and huge Communist insignia - a hammer and drafting compass - an eyesore to many.
He was held 19 days in 1971 and another 583.
Although the truce effectively collapsed one week later, with both sides swapping accusations of military attacks, government and rebel representatives continued to hold sporadic peace talks in Zaire until last week.
Soldiers later were seen breaking into houses and ordering residents to clear rocks from the streets.
The new test is based on a portion of the protein that makes up the outer jacket of the AIDS virus.
A successful override later this year in the Democratic-controlled Assembly would clear the way for the electric chair to be put back into use in the nation's second largest state. California already has the death penalty.
The Los Angeles Times, also citing an anonymous source, reported that the Philippine government asked that American planes bomb rebel-held air bases, fuel dumps and a seaborne freighter.
Robert D. Bodily, 33, was held today without bail at the San Bernardino County Jail for investigation of attempted murder of police Sgt. Ron Schwenka, said police Sgt. Dan Hernandez.
But the county of 9,000 people has had trouble keeping young doctors in the area.
Police spokesman Kerri du Rand said officials feared the building could collapse.
He made no comment, other than to point out the White House had issued a statement about Khomeini.
In 1973, the kidnappers of J. Paul Getty III, grandson of the late U.S. oil billionaire, cut off one of his ears and sent it to a Rome newspaper.
In 1789, John Adams was sworn in as the first vice president of the United States.
A geomagnetic storm is sweeping over the Earth and may interfere with satellite, radio and telephone communications, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported Friday.
A few hours later, the government announced that retail prices had risen at just under 3 3/4 per cent in the 12 months to July. Taken separately, these two figures are unremarkable.
The latest victim of the turbulent junk bond market may be the $225 million leveraged buyout of Michaels Stores Inc., analysts said.
In its revised bid Community Psychiatric offered $4.50 a share for HealthVest, plus contingent payments, down from $6 a share.
Previously only fragments of such an animal had been uncovered, the report said.
The rational response to these factors, and to the reversion of Hong Kong to Chinese rule in 1997, would seem to be global expansion.
An upgraded consumer complaint monitoring and tracking system.
In addition to the surging orders, Boeing attributed its earnings rise to lower new-business expense in areas such as research and development, which dropped to $382 million for the first six months, compared with $399 million for the year-ago period.
The National Party, despite gains made by white leftist and rightist forces, expects to retain power in Wednesday's parliamentary voting, but it probably will suffer its biggest losses since coming to power 41 years ago.
William T. Sherman continued his March to the Sea.
The action makes it more likely that high-definition television technology will develop differently in the U.S., Japan and Europe.
Then they recruited what seemed to be every senior-citizens organization in the state to say that a Thornburgh ad touting his record helping older people was riddled with inaccuracies.
Police arrested 22 Jewish youths who were among a crowd of about 100 that moved toward Arab east Jerusalem, police spokesman Uzi Sandori said.
It is just as important that any new DG can stand up to bullying from the likes of Mick Newmarch, the Pru's rumbustious boss, as from the Office of Fair Trading. Hard to imagine who would fit the bill given the ABI's current structure.
It's the key to good and productive lives, they say.
After resisting pressure for months, Audi of America Inc. said it agreed to comply with a government request to recall Audi 5000 series cars to correct possible problems of sudden, unintended acceleration.
But this news also sparked fresh hopes that inflation will remain in check, triggering a rally in Treasury bonds and pushing short-term interest rates down slightly.
Iraq did not offer such a letter, but the secretary-general said both countries told him they would restrain their armed forces.
One ad, no longer used by PCA, talked of $15,000 to $30,000 "with no additional work." Much of the advertising has cooled, partly in response to criticism.
Laboratory tests found the same typewriter was used to address the envelopes and to fill out Ms. Russell's application to the Justice Department in 1983.
By splitting up the population by race and, through a host of other apartheid legislation, assigning nonwhites to lower positions in society, the white minority could continue in power.
We're still taking a very cautious view. Even if tension does ease, we don't think the price of oil will come back much.
The awards will be given during the second annual Grammy Legends Tribute, a two-hour primetime CBS-TV special for broadcast later this year.
The pullout began five days after a Nov. 19 deadline set by Hrawi in his effort to create a militia-free zone in the so-called "Greater Beirut" area.
Senate leader Byrd promises to offer Rep. Gephardt's amendment if nobody else will.
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry.
President Virgilio Barco revived Colombia's extradition treaty with the United States, where the top cocaine lords are wanted on drug charges.
The process of post-crash reforms began with calls to remake the markets and wound up a year later with a series of rather technical adjustments.
According to the television report, the IRA members were in possession of false identity papers and detonators when they were picked up on July 14.
"There's still a lot to be done between now and April 30," the date Hills could call for retaliatory measures, Torie Clarke, a U.S. Trade Office spokeswoman said Hills told Nakayama.
But P&G officials say they soon will sell in Britain a more biodegradable diaper, one with a plastic backsheet made with cornstarch.
AT&T Chairman Robert E. Allen said administrative costs are rising too rapidly and he wants to emphasize sales growth.
In the first 26 weeks of 1990, nearly five times more cases were diagnosed in Washington than during all of 1989, when 55 measles cases were reported, state health officials said.
He appeals to readers who like their Tchaikovsky in the grand tradition, untainted by deconstruction, Marxism, feminism, or those analysts for whom historical context is irrelevant and the works' autonomous greatness a fiction.
Credit Agricole and Banque Nationale de Paris, both French, come in at No. 8 and No. 9, while Citicorp rounds out the top 10. Overall, 28 of the world's 100 largest banks are Japanese; 13 are American.
But with yesterday's victory by Henlys in the battle of the motor traders - following hot on the heels of Manders' successful defence against fellow paint maker Kalon - the predators' lot is not proving an easy one.
Tickets were on sale here for three Bruce Springsteen concerts later this month.
Thought for today: "How do most people live without any thoughts?
The General Electric Company had a look at the business earlier this year, but was not prepared to pay enough.
But the sideline has its pitfalls.
Under a so-called master contract between Firestone and the URW, concessions at any plant must be approved by the other plants in the master agreement.
The company said it couldn't explain why its stock has fallen further than the rest of the market.
ARD-TV said the East Germans were arriving with "huge hopes." It showed the couple crossing the border in their wedding finery.
Government-sponsored enterprises, or GSEs, are private corporations chartered by the federal government to channel credit to agricultural, housing and student borrowers.
If the base was shut down, says Antonio Navarro, an official at the Socialist-run city hall, "I'd open a Disney World there.
President Reagan earlier had asked federal agencies to cut that time "by at least a third."
The company said it hoped to obtain other financing, including an arrangement of up to $1.25 billion of preferred stock financing by Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.
American businesses, worried about a recession, plan a barely perceptible 0.4 percent increase in spending to modernize in 1991, the most pessimistic outlook for business investment in five years.
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation yesterday announced its second investment in Chinese container ports in 10 days. The group is to take a controlling stake in the Yangtze river port of Zhangjiagang.
Home buying activity has remained lackluster since then, say realtors and builders.
An 11 percent decline in domestic demand and a 17 percent drop in the British market also contributed to the lower profits, the report said.
Prosecutors, over Buie's objection, used the running suit as evidence at his trial.
He said he never discussed this legal question "in a formal way" with Mr. Meese, but testified they "conceivably" discussed the matter at "various" points.
They are tough." Miss Marimo's family frets, to no avail.
He said the policy of moving Iraqis from remote villages to larger towns is not limited to Kurdistan.
Mike Hough, director of the Institute for Strategic Studies at University of Pretoria, suggested that some ANC leaders might prefer that Mandela die in jail.
In the past, the president's aloof management style often deflected criticism onto his advisers, but the report strongly suggests that Mr. Reagan's own failings encouraged the excesses of his aides.
Trains are jammed, with people often riding on the roofs.
The sign along Interstate 91, which went up in November, has caused at least 17 people to write letters of complaint to the resort.
David V. Wachs, chairman, was named chief executive of this maker of women's clothing.
A few firefighters can knock down a small blaze that might be impossible to control if left alone, he noted.
The Belzbergs' advances threw Arvin's management into turmoil.
The foot-dragging is not simply an innate conservatism.
Pozsgay shot up in popular esteem last January when he became the first public leader to proclaim that the 1956 revolt was a popular uprising and not a counterrevolution, as it had officially been termed for more than 32 years.
Two utilities wishing to make a trade each would have to send the EPA an electronic notice of the transaction.
"Then they might be entitled to look to us for concrete assistance," Hyde said.
Officially, western German gross national product rose by an inflation-adjusted 3.1% in 1991.
It hopes to have about 4,000 members by the end of the year.
"I think interest rates are going to be a lot lower by year's end," said Frederick W. Zuckerman, vice president and treasurer of Chrysler Corp.
Government party chairman Park Tae-jun told a news conference today that the issue of adopting a parliamentary system would be discussed by a 15-member working committee to be formed Wednesday.
Standard could also staying away from securities and concentrate on safer businesses like trade finance at which it excels.
But there is great skepticism about the measures enacted so far.
As long as there is no loss of amenity and good use is made of existing public transport, developers can make residential developments profitable.
It is the largest such event ever organized in Poland.
"Baseball is a kind of theater: they have a lot in common." Mr. Nederlander is one of five brothers and a sister, most of whom are closely involved with the family business, run primarily from New York and Detroit.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 27,767.58 points, down 52.40 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
FAA Administrator James B. Bussey said the airline now meets the agency's safety standards.
After a six to nine-month delay in getting its graphics computer ready, CST says that, at last, the system is in production testing.
The first is that the treaty signed in Maastricht did not envisage that Britain would participate in the social chapter.
Federal securities regulators have questioned MAI Basic Four Inc. about possible violations of stock margin requirements in its hostile bid for Prime Computer Inc., MAI Basic confirmed Monday.
Our unemployment benefits show what a caring society we have and mark us out from the poor.
Estimates of the value of the offers have differed widely.
These comments were harvested by the Daily News, which quoted sources as saying that a reception for 200 people was planned at the Helmsley Palace Hotel.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for April delivery rose $1.70 an ounce to $419.70 in moderate trading estimated at three million ounces.
Reductions this year will come through a combination of layoffs and attrition, the company said.
Playwright Terrence McNally was voted the Emmy for writing in a miniseries or special for "Andre's Mother," a drama about AIDS.
A student, David B. Clark, in the University of Minnesota's Tax Law Clinic argued the winning appeal.
The senator had once said she would retire after two terms and her announcement came after prolonged speculation that she would stick to that plan.
"In a way I was relieved.
But after the first year, borrowers will be able to convert the new loans from an ARM to a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage from the 13th month through the 60th month of the loan.
No country in the hemisphere gets more U.S. assistance than El Salvador, which President Reagan has held up as an example of success in Washington's avowed policy of fostering democracy in Latin America.
Roger Natan, a mechanical engineering professor at Ben-Gurion University in Beersheba, has spent 12 years developing the system in which muscles are electrically stimulated by electrodes hooked to a computer.
General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and to a lesser extent Chrysler Corp. have engaged in business in Europe for years.
However, Block's successor, Richard E. Lyng, "could care less" about the news sheet, he added.
Joseph Fernandez, former CIA station chief in Costa Rica. Charged with obstruction and making false statements in connection with his assistance to North's Contra resupply network.
We indeed have a mission of high-level businessmen on their way to the Soviet Union right now. They happen to be in Helsinki.
Nixon, on the second day of a private visit as a guest of the government, was briefed on China's "practice of being kind-hearted toward the students while setting strict demands on them," the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The agreement is expected to add a further Ecu62m to the Ecu20m the EC has spent on nuclear safety in Russia and Ukraine so far under the TACIS programme.
Sir Peter added that the Bank of England, which regulates British banks, wants Standard Chartered to do a rights issue.
With a turnover of just under Pounds 100m a year it is not big enough to insist on improvements from its suppliers.
As a consequence, the blue chips extended a decline which had begun in the closing minutes of the previous session, when investors had sensed the bad news to come. However, the downturn paled when compared with the rout in bonds.
Punk rock music blared from windows of buildings, which were covered with the black-and-red flags of Berlin's anarchist movement and slogans and signs denouncing German unity.
A man purporting to speak for the "joint command" of urban guerrillas of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front called at least one radio station in El Salvador to claim responsibility for the attack.
Mazda has raised the prices on its cars sold in the U.S. nine times since late 1985, when the value of the Japanese yen began climbing against the dollar.
He said the Nicaraguan government chose not to reconsider its decision, and the State Department reciprocated by expelling Vargas and Vigil.
Fair enough, if this means gilts or mortgage bonds.
The case has been turned over to the district attorney's office, Police Chief Bruce Beaty said.
The forensic experts said the blood on her head and on the ground had coagulated.
Environmental Protection Commissioner Leslie Carothers proposed allowing the state to override local zoning and locate solid waste disposal facilities where it wants.
Despite the record highs reached in the stock market, Mr. Murphy said, short sellers "still firmly believe this market is overpriced, by about 500 points" on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Sears Chairman Edward A. Brennan said: "We're not terribly nervous about the fourth quarter.
Those disruptions, in turn, could affect the efficiency of the military operations in Saudi Arabia, where most of the Allied forces are based.
They all hop into their cars And drive off for a thrill, Gathering on highways Where, together, they stand still.
Coca-Cola Enterprises "had to do something," said Jesse Meyers, publisher of Beverage Digest, a trade publication. "Dyson and others conceived the idea to build a network of bottlers.
Some women even choose to select the adoptive parents early in the pregnancy and have them accompany her to doctor appointments and act as natural childbirth coaches in the delivery room.
He also accused his old friend and former Parliament speaker Anatoly Lukyanov of betraying him during the attempted coup.
"We're going to put on (the witness stand) the girlfriend, the guy that sold him the gasoline, the two guys he talked to _ the neighbors _ at his house," McCarthy said.
During the primary campaigns, Bush was on the receiving end of more jokes than all his Democratic opponents combined.
But last year, Spanish sparkling wine sales in the U.S. sank 10%, to around 17 million bottles, according to agency data.
At least one British war veteran attending the wreath-laying ceremony thought Philip's visit to Japan was justified.
The Turkish parliament has still to decide whether to extend the allied security umbrella for the Kurds beyond the new year.
The agency reported the strike committee "sharpened discipline" when some of the 130 miners began to leave the occupation strike at the Thorez mine.
Jack Schultz, Altman's president and chief executive, says his stores suspended advertising two weeks ago.
Three securities firms joined the elite ranks of primary dealers in U.S. government securities, but it's equally significant that Yamaichi Securities Co. of Japan didn't make the list.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Ms. Bhutto attributed the recent criticism of her to the government.
Delta spokesman Neil Monroe said he mentioned the Eastern program only reluctantly, because Delta views its program as a systemwide deal designed to beat the competition in many markets.
But the Belzbergs' financial muscle may not be as powerful as many people think.
Development of the winter wheat crop is about two weeks ahead of schedule because of unseasonably warm and wet weather to this point, and is now particularly vulnerable to a cold snap, analysts said.
A mysterious man linked to the Medellin cocaine cartel acknowledged he forged millions of dollars in greenbacks and passed thousands along the U.S.-Mexico border, a top law enforcement official said Tuesday.
'They need people in the UK,' he says.
While many analysts expect further short-term declines, few expect prices to dive to the low teens.
Alan Olson, a Century 21 real-estate agent in nearby Fergus Falls, expects Grant County land prices to stall this fall after rising 20% in the past year.
A Planned Parenthood spokeswoman said the organization is considering whether to appeal.
Davies smiles enigmatically and walks off. Cardiff, February 1. The first home game in the championship for Wales is marked by an outpouring of Welsh cliches.
Maud Van Cortlandt Oakes, a well known author and self-taught anthropologist who studied Navajo and Guatemalan Indians, died Sunday after a long illness at age 87.
The system currently holds about 42,000 prisoners, about 14,000 more than existing facilities were meant to hold.
Robertson's comments on the hostages marked the second time in two weeks that his statements on international matters have sparked controversy.
There is a feeling, Mr. Acquilino said, that "if I give this piece, what is the next piece to go."
AEL Industries Inc. said it expects its fiscal 1988 earnings to be "fairly level" with those of the prior year.
Now, the surplus is gone, partly because of a 1986 "whole herd buyout," in which farmers sold their entire herds to the government for slaughter and promised to stay out of the dairy business for five years.
Credit Suisse can do all that, Merrill can't' Mr Waugh at Merrill disagrees.
Bush has 7,000 tires on land he owns in the village.
In business, the partner usually stays quietly out of the limelight.
But we haven't seen a lot of buying at higher prices either," he said.
Films of stone-throwing Palestinian protesters even have been used in campaign ads.
In some vans, virtually every inch of wall space beyond the driver's seat is given over to speakers and amplifiers.
Like WF Yeames' 'And When Did You Last See Your Father?', similarly investigated at the Walker Art Gallery, the Rembrandt remains an enduringly popular image.
Municipal courts are geared to process minor offenders within three hours of arrest.
But mental scars remain for survivors like Casey.
Yet in Colorado, competing resorts have begun to pool resources to try to resolve their problems together.
Despite industry tests that proved Hoover superior, the Regina machine always won, picking up flakes that Hoover's didn't.
The fighting began at 9:45 p.m. Wednesday and died down after midnight.
UMW President Richard L. Trumka has said he wanted to return to the AFL-CIO through a merger with another energy union.
"They're like children," says Rep. Fortney Stark, a California Democrat.
Bond prices, which had been up in early trading, fell in response to the purchasing managers report, and the stock market followed suit.
The House also approved two of five proposed amendments.
But it's been a real circus getting it here.
Indeed, indexation may be more expensive in terms of real resources.
Nasdaq says it didn't do much partying for its 20th anniversary last year, aside from a press release or two.
Militant blacks have frequently attacked black policemen, accusing them of collaborating with the government and its apartheid policies.
The officials, who asked not to be identified, said Delvalle has privately expressed his intention for many weeks to distance himself from Noriega but they recognize that such a step would require considerable courage.
The latest quarter's profit compares with $73.3 million, or 69 cents a share, in the 1988 third quarter.
All are dominated by Labour.
After having problems finding enough good samples to use in drumming up business, Ms. Spiros was forced to recall the one and only shipment that ever left the basement _ 2,000 gloves sent to a San Francisco-area ambulance company.
In the only other U.S. death linked to the guerrilla fight, a Texas woman was among seven passengers killed and 28 wounded when guerrillas bombed a tourist train heading for the Inca ruins of Machu Picchu in June 1986.
He also ruled that retirees would retain any contractual rights even if the bankruptcy case were dropped or dismissed.
As previously reported, an arbitration panel in 1988 awarded Enron $162 million from the Belco insurers led by American International, to cover claims resulting from Peru's expropriation of Belco.
Showers and thunderstorms Thursday evening extended from the lower Mississippi Valley to the western Carolinas.
If Bellamy had only known, his hero would have been mystified not only by organ music but also by cavernous echoes that seemed to issue from 100 yards behind his sofa.
"The burden on a publisher to avoid liability from suits of this type is too great," Davis wrote.
A company wishing to build hazardous-waste facilities in Pennsylvania must meet certain "siting criteria," such as distance from water supply and the presence of wetlands, as well as meet technical criteria such as emission levels.
The company also said it would begin listing nutritional values on its packages.
And an open enrollment program allows students to attend the public school of their choice.
When interviewed last week, he had just heard bad news from CBS officialdom.
In the minds of many union leaders, HRM is associated with trade union derecognition in the workplace by employers, and a resulting loss of union influence.
Cache also said all of its board members resigned.
The administration must already cope with Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
Those groups have been largely disillusioned with Mrs. Aquino's failure to institute reforms after the "people power" revolution.
Johnson split with Taylor months ago, and his fighters last week advanced to within a mile of the presidential mansion.
Earnings were helped by stronger fee income, wider interest spreads and lower bad debt provisions. Net income in the fourth quarter of 1992 was Dollars 104m (Dollars 1.14 per share), up from Dollars 66m, or 80 cents.
"There seems to be a feeling that this area is now underbought," he said.
But Stuart Robbins, retail analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. in New York, said much of that value comes from the company's operations.
Mr. Main also said it is unlikely Nintendo would consider acquiring a major U.S. toy company.
VALUE OF NIGERIA'S CURRENCY FALLS Nigeria's currency slumped in value to 17.9 naira from 10.5 to the dollar amid confusion after Lagos scrapped controls and threw the currency market wide open.
Machinists leaders say Eastern employees are being told to suffer even more for bad management that isn't committed to keeping Eastern alive.
"It's going to be devastating," said Douglas Dirting, vice president of Tri-County Growers Inc., which normally has 400 people in the fields during mid-September.
The deal was signed in Ankara at the end of a two-day visit by Russia's first deputy prime minister, Mr Oleg Soskovets.
Bergsten said the key test will come in whether the United States is willing to share decision-making on international issues as it seeks funding help from other countries.
The withdrawal of the SRAM-A follows Cheney's disclosure in late May that a safety problem existed with U.S. nuclear artillery shells in Europe, but that it had been fixed and a risk of accidental nuclear explosions never materialized.
The Saudis have been reluctant in the past to allow any U.S. military exercises on their soil, not wishing to provoke their neighbors.
Government party officials said they would ask President Roh Tae-woo to veto the laws approved by the opposition-controlled legislature.
"I came up with the Star Wars Deli idea to take advantage of the area _ that's the hot thing going on here.
The credit agreement, the largest negotiated by the oil refiner and marketer, is mainly intended to meet the financing needs of Quaker State's Minit-Lube unit, a chain of fast-lubrication service outlets.
Proponents of the plans contend the refinancings reduce the budget deficit in the current fiscal year by paying off the government's loans in cash up front.
Sentencing was set for Jan. 4 before San Luis County Superior Court Judge Warren Conklin.
This is a point Judge Bork subsequently emphasized in the confirmation hearings.
All the main indices ended off their lows for the day.
Gilbreath has declined to say he voted for in Texas' Republican presidential primary.
For example, if a height standard is equally applied to all applicants, Hispanics and Asians are more negatively affected than whites, and women more than men.
Mr. Upton is associate finance spokesman for the National Party.
I can't imagine they'll be any different at all," she said.
In one commercial, it focuses on Mazda's "telemetry" center, where scientists monitor a driver's pulse rate and heartbeat, among other vital signs, to ascertain how driving a Mazda feels.
Stuart B. Rekant, an MCEG executive vice president who masterminded the program, said early last week that the delayed delivery of MCEG movies has created "timing gaps" in payments by overseas distributors.
Mr. Kehler, a former Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. investment banker, charged his share of big fees to put together takeover deals in the 1980s.
The new restaurant features a plush interior which can seat 350 visitors and serve up to 2,500 meals an hour, operators said.
Amsterdam closed higher on balance in generally modest volume under the pull of the higher dollar and buoyant earnings reported so far this month by some major Dutch companies.
The telecommunications company said the judge granted a waiver for the FTS-2000 bid, but didn't rule on whether the Bell companies would violate the consent decree by providing switching services generally.
Others said the fact that OPEC is being secretive about the location leads to higher expectations about the outcome.
There was talk again of new measures to stimulate foreign economies, especially the Japanese economy.
"Henry Singleton is an absolutely original thinker, and he's light years ahead of me," Mr. Hanisee says.
That same year he discovered his accountant had embezzled more than $1 million from his account, Bridges testified.
He said it had been shrinking since then, now getting a fraction of 1 percent of the budget.
State regulators are said to be investigating a doctor who speeded up delivery of a baby, plopped the infant into a Christmas stocking and dashed to a TV studio next door to display her as the county's first newborn of the '90s.
Three other Cubans have taken refuge in the Spain's embassy and 12 Cubans are at the Czechoslovak embassy.
"Most institutional investors told us at the beginning of the year that they wanted to see the unemployment and trade numbers before making any big moves" in their investments.
In 1960, Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kennedy and Republican opponent Richard M. Nixon held the second of their broadcast debates.
"I guess it's the excitement, it's like a dream car," said Mrs. Miller, 49, who owns two other Corvettes and has had her order in for a ZR-1 since July 24.
According to the sources, the complaint by lawyers for REI and the executives, William Moore and Robert Reedy, alleges that Valder never allowed government witnesses to inform a grand jury that they had not told REI executives about the payoffs to Voss.
The report said corn moisture and the amount of damaged kernels decreased, but there was a small increase reported in broken corn and the presence of foreign material.
Manafort, however, said his firm "has worked within the existing system at HUD." "We played by the rules," Manafort said. "I understand that the subcommittee views the process as fundamentally flawed.
Yet despite the severity of the thrift crisis, the board currently plans to raise only $2.9 billion from bonds through Sept. 30, the end of the current federal fiscal year.
Strong wind and towering 33-foot waves lashed the low-lying, heavily populated coastline of Andhra Pradesh state, knocking down hundreds of thatched huts, uprooting trees and downing power lines.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange's key index plunged after nervous fluctuations today, while the dollar continued its upward trend against the Japanese yen.
Paul A. Yost Jr., commandant of the Coast Guard, told a House subcommittee.
It said NASA was trying to do too much and allowing too little margin for the unexpected, leading to frequent revamping of major programs.
The situation now is calm.
Outside aid in the form of cash, food, tents, medicine and clothing totaled $84 million from 45 countries, the U.N. Disaster Relief Organization reported.
"Urgent measures are being taken to help all those affected by this terrible tragedy, and I have to be there in this effort," said Gorbachev, who planned to fly to Yerevan after arriving in Moscow. He canceled planned trips to Cuba and Britain.
And this year, the party decided the 1956 revolt was a popular uprising, not the counterrevolution it had been called for 33 years. On June 16, Nagy's remains were reburied with honor.
"I think we're coming out of" fiscal 1989 "much stronger as a result of the Nippon sale," Mr. Banks said.
Gross said he will miss his character as well as the cast members.
His worry persisted after a blood test proved negative, and he was referred to Harmon by an AIDS hot line.
Although economic growth is most crucial for the black majority, in the long run the white minority's own freedoms also depend on South Africa's economic survival.
A French humanitarian group said Wednesday it was withdrawing part of its claim about the use of toxic gas during street protests in Soviet Georgia last month in which 19 people were killed.
Shaywitz said her study shows that doctors should not rely soley on schools to identify children with learning disabilities.
That was between 1986 and 1988.
It was the culmination of discussions by Cabinet officials in the administration.
Some reporters have been hospitalized with fatigue and others spend so much time at the palace they have clean underwear sent by express mail.
After a change to a calendar year, Tandon had net of $11.7 million, or 21 cents a share, for the 1987 nine months.
Like other analysts though, Ms. Lidgerwood doesn't think Congress will approve any substantial re-regulation of the railroad industry.
The events in Poland are being viewed nervously in Prague, where government officials expect demonstrations Monday to commemorate the Soviet invasion in 1968.
The president's remarks came hours after Exxon executives told a congressional panel that the company will suspend cleanup operations for the winter by mid-September.
The warrants, one for every four shares of Irving stock, would have a term of seven years and an exercise price of $65 per share of Irving stock.
"You need Americans to set the standard," argues Julian Dodwell, the Tigers' captain.
So we believe that the addition of Joe will cause them to come home." Frank says NBC, in seeking the top "Today" ratings of yesteryear, is hoping to "recapture some of that warmth and family appeal" the show once had.
ICI's third - quarter results are due on October 29. Market report, Page 46 Has Louise, the teenage dressmaker from Montmartre who defies her parents to follow her lover into the Paris of the 1900s, lost the power of pulling in the public?
In June, the two leaders also are expected to sign protocols designed to ease Senate ratification of two minor treaties from the 1970s limiting underground nuclear tests.
Gayle Turenne, 31, was charged Wednesday in a warrant with one count of possession of cocaine, said Lt.
A photograph of Mr. Greenberg in 1978, taken for a Detroit News profile, showed money sprouting from trees in his office.
Its far-flung voters would be unlikely to approve bonds to fund a jail, hospitals or other public works; and services would suffer, they contend.
Since its founding in 1879, lawyers at the firm have helped organize U.S. Steel in the late 1880s, helped plan the construction of the Panama Canal and helped negotiate an end to the Korean War.
Operators of the Seabrook nuclear power plant warmed the reactor for its first low-power testing, but opponents planned to turn up some heat of their own with a new round of mass protests.
The Soviet arms role was larger, but not by terribly much.
In the western part of the country, the Soviet pullout has begun from Shindad and Herat, said the Islamabad-based diplomats, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Some economists predict more increases this year.
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis, the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5%.
The District of Columbia has the nation's second highest per capita income after the state of Connecticut: $20,303 annually, which is 32.3 percent higher than the national average.
The group has a strong position in Brazil, but so far no presence in China, where it is likely to go for joint ventures. Mr Herbert said: 'We've had the time and access for extensive research and due diligence.
The contest, sponsored by Lions Club International, examined entries from nearly 100,000 children in 49 countries.
The hospitals and community health services which provide treatment are increasingly managed by independent trusts.
While the Reagan administration lauded Friday's report as signs that inflation was not heating up, some private economists expressed worries about what could happen if world oil prices suddenly rebound.
The company's two properties in Laughlin, Nev., also posted increases in operating results.
That the party probably would ask for the powerful ministries of foreign affairs and finance, in addition ot defense and internal affairs.
SPAIN - The frigate Santa Maria is in the Gulf of Oman.
In addition, there is a popular tradition of rivalry between Poles and Czechs, neighboring Slavic peoples.
In the midst of these the ripe and rusty Basilio of Nicolay Ghiaurov, with his imposing Slavonic bigness a potential cuckoo in the nest, was all the more effective for his restraint.
In doing that, "I tried to use more or less acceptable methods," Mikhail says.
There was no panic." One of the officers on the governor's security detail also stayed with her, Schmidt and Manager said.
Lou Droesch, a mortgage broker, walked to the microphone as Tuesday night's meeting neared its end.
As a consequence, the share prices of prime rate funds don't vary when interest rates change.
The program in this city of 165,000 on the east side of San Francisco Bay also would help sick kids and subsidize poor parents for baby-sitting costs.
Washington, which supports the guerrillas, has devoted most of its effort to obtaining a withdrawal.
I don't know of a single Alaskan who wouldn't agree with that." Alaska began caring for its older residents long before it became a state in 1959.
Press Trust said 12 people were killed, United News of India put it at 10, and Police Commissioner S.M. Shangari said eight had died.
Rain also fell in sections of the Dakotas, while snowshowers were scattered from western Nebraska into the central Colorado Rockies.
The plan comes just three days before a meeting between the two Germanys and the four World War II allies that divided Germany _ the Soviet Union, United States, Britain, and France _ to discuss the international ramifications of German unity.
The poison, mostly vaporized in the heat, pushed past a relief valve, through the pipelines and out the vent tower.
The earth was to be shipped to a storage facility in Barnwell, S.C., Robinson said.
Money continues to flow toward technologies that could be fielded soonest, while riskier and more exotic ideas absorb most of the cutbacks.
"It obviously didn't work," he said.
Qian, the new foreign minister, is expected to follow closely the policies laid down by Wu, foreign minister since 1982.
But one problem that hurt their analysis when they compared the 1920s with the 1980s: They equated 1987 with 1928 instead of 1929.
Outside a shelter for the homeless, though, pictures drawn by children showed some youngsters had hope for the future. Ten-year-old Amanda Charnas of Santa Cruz drew the Earth, flowers sprouting from a crack and a rainbow nearby.
Yesterday, MCorp said it had received "an additional proposal" from "a purchaser unrelated to the parties involved in the letter of intent."
Vote totals were not immediately released, although Georgia-Pacific said previously it controlled enough shares to ensure easy approval of the merger.
Sweetened terms set earlier this year called for shareholders of Maxxam, a forest-product and real estate concern, to receive 0.18 MCO common share and one new Class B preferred share for each of their shares.
He said two of them no longer live in the area but frequently return for visits.
The government also reported that construction spending inched up 0.02 percentage point in July and the Index of Leading Economic Indicators rose a modest 0.2 percentage point that month.
Of the 77 who received amphotericin B, 13 got the infection again, NIAID said.
A man who said he contracted AIDS from a blood transfusion during heart surgery was awarded $3.9 million by a jury which found a blood center negligent for not screening blood donors.
It did not elaborate on the charges.
Standard & Poor's Corp. said it lowered its ratings on the El Paso, Texas-based utility's senior debt to triple-B-minus from triple-B, and the ratings on preferred stock to double-B-plus from triple-B-minus.
But Jenkins said there are "powerful forces" in Iran who "continue to oppose any kind of rapprochement with the West." "None of the alternatives look very promising," Jenkins wrote.
The proceeds of the offering would have been used to finance construction of Denver's $2.3 billion airport.
Starting last June, the agent made contact with customers buying chemicals and equipment for making methamphetamine and other illegal drugs, said Van de Kamp.
The U.S. Park Police said 19 Greenpeace members were arrested and charged with demonstrating without a permit.
Crews began installing pumps on barges Monday to haul fresh water to southern Louisiana towns plagued by rising salt levels in the lower Mississippi River.
The Air Force said many of those problems were the sort normally found in new planes.
A chant rose from thousands at the joyous rally: "What did you have?" Ruml smiled. "Mine was good.
Restrictive steps that Balch said would be most likely to be introduced are parental consent and notification laws, and measures to give fathers a say in abortion decisions.
You return from lunch and find a message on your desk.
He said the deal was welcome but belated.
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October, the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is, while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth.
Government ministers told the miners later that authorities could not favor one sector by granting their pay demands and appealed for an end to the strike, state TV reported.
All 11 members of the Eelavur Democratic Front resigned from Parliament today. "We do not want to be dormant spectators who witness the tormentation of our people," they said in a statement.
Brian Fabbri, chief economist at Midland Montagu Economics, New York, pointed out that recent flooding in the Southwest could cut employment data further.
Parkin and Berlin are among those who pleaded guilty in exchange for helping the government.
Both were protesting at the government's decision to proceed with controversial general elections.
It is unreasonable to expect weapons manufacturers to pay a larger share of tooling costs, for example, if the services cannot guarantee sufficient annual sales.
The stock slipped 10 pence to 279 pence (19 cents to $5.25).
I won't allow it.' The highest priority goes to developing infrastructure, otherwise bottlenecks will block growth.
He wouldn't comment on any political implications of naming persons from the black African state to the De Beers board.
Following the announcement, the Sierra Club filed a lawsuit.
Opponents argued that evacuation plans for the population around Seabrook are inadequate.
The value of Kingdon's book is that it sharpens the point in a powerful and fascinating new way.
Pittston workers in Virginia, West Virginia and Kentucky went on strike April 5 after working 18 months without a contract.
The building was condemned and residents were told to leave.
While it prevails, Mr Heseltine's protestations of a belief in local autonomy are, in the prime minister's favourite epithet, bogus.
In Washington, the Marine Corps said the Huey was one of two conducting a navigation training exercise and that the lead helicopter crashed.
However, the dollar also was weakened later in the three-month period by signs that the U.S. economy was deteriorating, he said.
With just 3,000 employees, the service is smaller than the New York City Police Department, Morris said, yet its ranks are stationed in every U.S. judicial district from Guam to the Virgin Islands.
The consensus of forecasts, including that from the White House, is that any recession will be shallow and brief, probably ending during the summer.
The Samsung alliance "is a major announcement," asserted Mr. Allison.
It was quoted at 132.10 yen in London, and at 131.275 yen in New York, down from 131.70 yen Friday.
In New York's garment district, work sometimes comes to a halt as word of yet another AIDS death spreads across Seventh Avenue.
Gonzalo Rodriguez Gacha and four alleged underlings in the Medellin cartel were charged with conspiring with undercover agents, who posed as brokers, to import 2,200 pounds of cocaine every eight days into the New York area, authorities said.
During a similar project in Greenwich, they were 'shocked' at the public reaction. Expecting the worst, I looked concerned.
He passed through Mexico crossing the Rio Grande on Sunday and arrived in Miami by bus Wednesday. "So I came here.
Hundreds of people _ ranging from Ku Klux Klansmen carrying Rebel flags to black students singing "We Shall Overcome" _ gathered outside the Capitol for Reed's attempt.
Treasury Securities Prices of U.S. Treasury securities rose as much as 1/4 point as investors and traders awaited today's January employment report.
Italy had a major bribery scandal a decade ago in which a former defense minister and an air force chief were convicted of accepting payoffs from Lockheed, the U.S. aircraft manufacturer.
As they walked out, the men lifted their hands in a salute.
The Clearwater Sun has stopped the presses after 76 years of publication.
In Frankfurt, share prices ended higher in generally quiet trading, boosted by a firmer dollar, brokers said.
Authorities said they will begin excavating a site Monday in search of evidence in the shooting deaths of four members of a family and the disappearance of a relative eight months ago.
The differential between Italian and German short-term interest rates has grown by 5 percentage points since the end of April and by more than 3 percentage points in the past three weeks.
Direct talks with Iraq, he said, are unacceptable as a condition to a cease-fire.
He was an exceptional man and someone I looked up to personally," said Josiah Spaulding, who heads the center.
The expected cut in car tax offered an unmissable opportunity to transfer the tax burden to petrol, so cutting the cost of buying cars but making people think more about how they used them. Instead, the policy has gone into reverse.
Ashley is a service dog trained to help with things like opening doors, carrying packages and retrieving dropped objects.
He proposed to have the Communist Party officials at every level stand for election.
Many bird species find golf courses and sod farms good feeding grounds, especially in urban areas where these large expanses of green are easy to spot from the air.
'I think this could prompt mergers and acquisitions among industry members,' he said. Mr Doi also expressed concern about the entry into the securities market of subsidiaries of banks, a development allowed under a programme of financial deregulation.
In March, the Consumer Product Safety Commission rejected a ban on lawn darts, but Snow kept plugging, backed by his wife, Linda.
In addition to the Atlantic states, rain and occasional thunderstorms also spread over the upper Ohio Valley and the northern and central Appalachians.
The team is up against 31 other schools in the 10-day "Sunrayce" contest for solar-powered cars that is to end today.
Rosier was indicted 11 months after his wife's death when he said in a television interview that he "administered something to terminate her life" and wrote a book about how she died.
Even after being questioned about the huge profit margins for the early arms sales to Iran, Adm.
Brown & Sons Inc., said Thursday after the retailers announced their August sales figures.
"It is well documented that Mr. Wallach enjoyed unparalleled access to Mr. Meese, and saw him frequently throughout the time Mr. Meese was in the White House and at the Justice Department," said Weld.
The band adopted Satiacum in 1987.
Pakistan ordered the attack on Jalalabad following a March 5 meeting attended by U.S. Ambassador Robert Oakley, The Times quoted a Pakistani participant and other officials as saying.
Iraq also was reported to be mining Kuwaiti ports and refineries.
Over 1992, the best performer was Lazard Money Market, with a return of 7 per cent.
He said U.S. assertions of support for Lebanon's independence and calls for the departure of foreign troops are no substitute for a vigorous policy.
Early today, about 40 people gathered in a cow pasture across from the Florida State Prison to protest the execution.
The hard part comes once the novelty wears off and the marketing blitz subsides.
Meantime, conference workshops and sessions still include the latest outlooks for farm commodities, the crops and livestock products that are the main stem of the agricultural economy.
However, some of the rise was attributable to the volatile transportation category, which was up 11.4%.
Writing in Chinese characters was imported from Paekche in Korea in 285.
A CIP spokesman said the company is abandoning the heavy-duty paper bag business to concentrate on its main businesses, which include newsprint, pulp, containers and tissue.
In these instances, he said, the panel would be looking at a broad range of similar transactions in an attempt to reach a decision which would be applicable to the activities of a broad range of market participants.
Spokesman Richard Gulla says the reduction will be company wide, with no particular department targeted.
The agreements announced would increase the number of seats directly elected to the 1995-1999 legislatures from 18 to 20. There are 60 seats in legislature, which is chosen by the government and special interest groups.
"Let's crush the anti-democratic merger that tramples the people's sovereignty!" yelled students, demanding the dissolution of a new governing party created by the merger of Roh's party with two others.
QFB didn't offer further details, but Irwin Gold, a lawyer representing Petrolane's bondholders, says the cut in interest payments to bondholders would be "of some magnitude."
Mr Phippen said this was projected to rise to over 30 per cent in the current year and to about 45 per cent in 1994-95. Capital spending in the current year was forecast at some Pounds 24m with another 716 beds due to open.
Soviet Premier Nikolai I. Ryzhkov and Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze joined Gorbachev for the meeting with Modrow, who arrived in Moscow on a one-day visit late Monday.
That kind of reform "requires highly skilled leaders who are paid well," Hersey said.
Executive Life attracted eight bids before a deadline in a court-supervised auction of the failed insurer.
He started to make products to deal with the hair conditions that kept turning up in his salon.
Inland Revenue officials are travelling to Washington this week for talks with the US Treasury.
They've slowed their buying, but they haven't started taking money out of equities." Despite the recent easing in stock fund purchases, Mr. Pitts says that April will be Oppenheimer's best month ever for stock fund inflows.
Before his election as attorney general in 1982, Van de Kamp served seven years as Los Angeles County district attorney, five years as federal public defender and two years as assistant federal public defender in Los Angeles.
Sheik Raed Salah Mahajneh, a Moslem preacher and new mayor of Umm el-Fahm, said his party won because the town is in disrepair and has a debt of $3.9 million.
Stanley Chesley, the lead lawyer for the residents, has said lawyers expect the monitoring will last 30 to 40 years and track such things as lung cancer and kidney diseases usually associated with uranium pollution.
In future, Stafford-Clark will head a new company, Out of Joint.
Separately, Duke said the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission issued a preliminary order prohibiting Duke from recovering the abandonment costs on the two plants in the rates that it charges its partners in the Catawba Nuclear Station.
Iraq has denied using chemical weapons.
Pinochet as president for the next 10 years.
Khomeini, 86, died in a Tehran hospital of a heart attack 11 days after undergoing surgery May 23 for internal bleeding.
JEAN Courtiere, President Directeur-General of Parfums Givenchy SA is sitting at his desk in Le Vallois in Paris sniffing.
Canadian voters are about to decide the future of the world's largest bilateral trading relationship.
'There is some improvement in exports if you take a rolling average,' says Ms Esther Baroudy, senior economist at Credit Lyonnais Capital Markets.
General Cinema, which invested only $300 million in Carter Hawley when it rode in as an ally two years ago, will wind up with control of the specialty outlets while it escapes from the lower-profit department store game.
The resulting higher interest rates will trigger a recession in 1990, he figures.
Some of OPEC's poorer members, such as Algeria, would like the Saudis and some other major producers to cut back on production immediately in order to help firm up prices.
She acknowledges that there is some unwillingness among banks to lend but says there isn't any great clamor from consumers and businesses to borrow, either.
Nearly a million foreigners - many of them citizens of impoverished Asian countries - had come for the same reason.
The average yield was 7.84 percent, down from 8.18 percent at the last auction on Sept. 25.
The union also is engaged in a bitter strike against the Pittston Coal Group Inc. in West Virginia, Virginia and Kentucky.
Delvalle fired military strongman Manuel Antonio Noriega last Thursday but the defense chief ignored the order and rallied his allies in the National Assembly against the president.
Convoys of army trucks spew black smoke along the narrow roads.
The company aims for 1988 results to at least match 1987's net income of 1.83 billion francs.
Unocal Corp. said Friday it had agreed to sell a Norwegian oil and gas subsidiary for $322 million, the latest in a series of asset sales by the parent of Union Oil Co. of California.
It is still a living beach.
It has been a good week for North American executives who supposedly lost out in the John Akers/Lou Gerstner succession at IBM.
ADT Ltd., Hamilton, Bermuda, started trading American depository receipts with the symbol ADTLY.
Preussag AG announced plans to acquire the Salzgitter AG steelmaking and engineering group from the West German government for a price reportedly exceeding two billion marks ($1.06 billion).
In 1981 she was named the first woman maintenance squadron commander in the Strategic Air Command at McConnell Air Force Base in Kansas.
Most Romanians think of gypsies as idlers and thieves.
The decisions were released as Gesell took the bench for a third straight day of closed hearings on North's objections to censoring 395 government documents that independent counsel Lawrence E. Walsh wants to use as evidence against him.
Bright Banc, with $3.1 billion in assets, is the biggest failed thrift in Texas and the largest yet sold by the Resolution Trust Corp.
After the storm has passed: _Seek assistance if needed in Red Cross shelters.
Nugent's new wife, who now works for a video production firm, said she had never heard much of Nugent before meeting him in October.
The attack followed an outburst of anti-U.S. sentiment spurred by incidents involving American athletes and news media during the Olympics.
Then, in effect, they'd split up the New York-based textile giant, forgoing a continuation of a costly bidding contest.
"I can't find a cure for AIDS.
The nation's church leaders met 30 years ago in an attempt to forge a united front to challenge apartheid, but the agreement collapsed when the Dutch Reformed Church rejected it.
GE spokesman George Jamison said Thursday the Connecticut-based company's offer of $54 per share would be extended until 5 p.m. Monday.
She has an excellent sense of dynamics, offering a constant interplay of soft and loud passages.
"When there's a gap as big as there is between our share price and (breakup value) you have to take it seriously just as a technical matter," Martin told the Journal.
The revocation involves chlorzoxazone, a generic version of Parafon Forte, made by a Johnson & Johnson division.
Many died in the harsh conditions there.
At the Ottawa conference, Baker was to continue discussions with Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze on troop reductions in Europe and weapons cuts.
The elections remained the main event, but have had to share space in the media with a dispute between the Civic Forum and the Christian Democrats.
Baggott was offering 19th century Lancashire clogs at Pounds 65 a pair.
In May I proposed that both houses of Congress, both sides of the aisle, join together with our administration in a bipartisan executive-legislative task force to advance America's unified anti-drug policy.
The prospectus notes "there can be no assurance" that future growth will continue at past levels.
We would tell them, `You are under possible assessment by a foreign intelligence operation.
The 7th Armored Brigade, successors to the famous "Desert Rats" of World War II, will arrive late next month with 120 Challenger tanks and 6,000 troops.
Greece's state minister, Nikos Temelis, said after the ceremony that his country would work toward furthering cooperation between the two nations.
The second night of violence also began at an apartment complex, where police were confronted by an estimated 1,000 people.
Christie introduced him in her first novel, "The Mysterious Affair at Styles," published in 1920.
Transfer:4+ hours from Munich.
The creation of a single European Community market for automobiles could expose Europe's auto industry to even stiffer competition and open France, Britain, Spain and Italy to a surge of imports from Japan.
Heaven and Mr William Cash alone know what the prime minister's response would be. Mr Major may never be put to this particular torture.
Ms. Bhutto, 35, was pregnant with her first child last year when Pakistan's military leader, Mohammed Zia ul-Haq, announced elections.
When Haig's presidential star faded early, he declared his support for Senate Republican leader Robert Dole of Kansas.
At year end, the company had about $15 billion in assets.
"That's not the issue," he said. "I got enough votes to become the president.
Normandy was the scene of the Allied invasion in 1944 and saw intense fighting that left behind thousands of bombs and mines that often turn up unexpectedly.
He said Greek ties with the PLO would resemble those now existing between France and the PLO.
But a lawyer for Volkswagen of America, seeking pictures of an auto accident from a newspaper photographer, said journalists should be compelled to surrender evidence that is vital to a private lawsuit.
The insurrection was the first in Argentina since Menem took office in July 1989.
Nearly 70 per cent did not know the rate charged on their card, and only 15 per cent guessed in the correct range of 22-25 per cent. The survey found that around 37 per cent of card holders do not pay off their balance in full each month.
Airspace Technology was awarded a $10.7 million Navy contract to operate telecommunications equipment.
The ascendancy of Mr. Roemer, a 44-year-old former congressman, also proved that Louisiana had reached the limits of its toleration for embarrassment.
What should we be doing with our armed forces which we are both reforming and reducing?
Chile's calamitous economic career since then has been accompanied by pleas from the Journal to give Gen.
The accompanying social changes are slowly forcing changes in the way business is conducted and in the way the bureaucracy works.
According to intelligence sources, Lt.
David Sendler, TV Guide's national section editor, acknowledged the illustration could be mistaken for a photograph.
But earlier heavy issuance of Remic deals that settle in December is creating a groundswell of demand for the securities that back those offerings.
Talk of the missing gold first surfaced when some former employees started to complain about unexplained amounts on their W-2 tax forms.
She made up the difference from her purse.
Wren said late Sunday he did not know if Rothmeier knew of the request.
Separately, Moody's Investor's Service said it placed the company's Baa-2 rating on long-term debt of about $53 million under review for possible downgrade.
The plane is only 2 years old and it was in good condition," Lo said.
Traditional defense-minded Democrats such as Charles Bennett and Sam Stratton sit on the committee beside such highly motivated liberals as Pat Schroeder, Nicholas Mavroules and Ron Dellums.
Begin resigned abruptly in 1983, at the height of Israel's military involvement in Lebanon.
He said he would open the envelopes early only if there was imminent danger that one juror might drop out or if it appeared that deliberations were getting bogged down.
The Hunt campaign sent a new series of ads to TV stations late last week.
According to Imperial Household Agency rules, he may be seen but not heard on television, except in rare appearances before the public, and palace officials refuse to describe his private conversations.
When the statistics laid the exalted mantel of extreme livability on Pittsburgh, a city once known as "hell with the lid off," even Rand McNally didn't believe it at first.
And he came all the way up from poverty without so much as a university education.
Mr. Souter doesn't have any reputation for the kind of conservative judicial activism that aroused fierce opposition to President Reagan's nomination of Robert Bork in 1987.
Stuart, who was shot in the stomach, provided a description of an assailant, and the crime riveted the nation as a chilling example of urban violence.
"They are getting a lot more than they could build on their own," he said.
Strong buying from North America and Europe stopped the dollar's drop, traders said.
Bruce Viclad, president of the United Hospital Fund in New York, who recently reviewed data on AIDS cases there, said his organization found the CDC estimate a little high and said the Hudson Institute estimates were improbable.
Yasukuni Shrine was established in 1869 to honor Japan's war dead.
There have been several cases in recent years of Sikh extremists killing the entire families of Hindus or Sikhs suspected of being police informers.
He is acknowledged as a heavy-weight in President Patricio Aylwin's cabinet.
He was arrested in September.
Cubana, in step with the times, has a toll-free 800-number.
The quake, registering 2.5 on the Richter scale of ground motion, hit the area around the Western Deep Levels East mine late Wednesday, the Anglo American Corp. said.
Maximum Speed: Mach 0.9 Grumman A-6E Intruder Payload: 6,000 lbs. of bombs, plus air-to-ground and air-to-air missiles.
Already, however, a rental car out of Salt Lake airport gets hit with nearly a 10% levy.
Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. said it has filed a settlement proposal on litigation stemming from its $1.1 billion restructuring, which thwarted a hostile takeover bid last December.
In its frequent second-guessing of the colonial administration, Xinhua has come to be viewed widely as a parallel authority in the territory.
But St. Louis-based McDonnell Douglas, with several military aircraft lines slated for termination and manufactuing problems still dogging its commercial-airliner business, finds itself in an especially dire situation.
Mr. Henkel's nomination was pushed by former Sen. Mack Mattingly, a Georgia Republican who served on the Senate Banking Committee.
Pan Am officials have said they expect the British eventually to give their approval.
Takeover investor Harold Simmons said the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating his stock purchases in target Georgia Gulf Corp.
Her only child, a daughter, died of a heart attack brought on by alcoholism and other addictions at the age of 45 the same year.
As usual, the government said the guerrillas were assisted by "Pakistani militiamen and Wahhabis tied to Saudi Arabia."
The main change will be moral.
Why is the company bucking the industry trend? Because, as Mr. Woodward and other insiders are quick to suggest, no one trend exists.
It works this way: Experienced seamen must spend longer rotations at sea, worsening the problems of family separations and low morale.
Rats are in abundance in India and are considered holy by the Hindus, the country's religious majority.
His peace initiative is too important to be stopped in its tracks by the unserious custom of finding fault with his motives, or his methods or, alas too often, his results. Admittedly his score in all three areas is less than perfect.
When a Jackson news conference is disrupted by protesters, Mr. Prentnieks moves toward the protesters to size up the shot, but decides against it.
The U.S. Supreme Court agreed to consider only one provision: a $72-a-ton levy imposed on waste coming from out of state.
The premier said that only he can prevent a return to the turbulence of the 1970s, when terrorism and an economic crisis paved the way for a 1980 military takeover.
A slick, watchable, more immediate style is what the producers of "USA Today: The Television Show" hope will make it different.
Among active blue chips, International Business Machines advanced 2&lsqb; to 107.
PETE V. DOMENICI Domenici was granted an extension to June 16.
But for the moment, says Mr. Keynes, his son's arrangements cost less than a conventional group home.
It's the second time in a year that an exhibit at the school has stirred controversy.
Back in the March Budget, Mr Norman Lamont, then chancellor, forecast a PSBR of Pounds 50bn (Dollars 74.5bn) for 1993-94. Eight months into the financial year, the Bank has completed about Pounds 43bn of gilt funding.
Judith Howarth dealt confidently with Eigen's music, but Arthur Davies sounded unhappy as Orbin.
SWAPO has been favored to win pre-independence elections scheduled for November under the U.N. plan.
"The overwhelming view of the council was that this was a matter of deep conscience, conviction and religion" on the part of union members, AFL-CIO President Lane Kirkland said.
But even this figure raises skepticism.
At one Texas company, a computer "time bomb" planted by a fired employee wiped out 168,000 payroll records three years ago.
'I'll pick it up and put it straight in the box.' The general indifference towards next month's elections is partly because the political parties have yet to launch their campaigns.
Murillo _ hair cut in a short punk style, dressed in tight yellow pants and a Hawaiian-style flowered shirt _ said she worried about the new government's cultural conservatism.
Still, they are friendly, peace-loving little shards of light, vaguely reminiscent of the ethereal creatures in Ron Howard's "Cocoon." Deepcore's crew is a lovable bunch of hardcore riggers led by Bud Brigman (Ed Harris).
They include such industrial stalwarts as Westinghouse, such retail giants as K mart and J.C. Penney, Tandy Corp., and toy companies such as Mattel.
But Charles I. Clough Jr., chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co., said it might be too early to turn aggressive.
That sale will complete the refunding auction.
"The hot weather just about melted him away," Mr. Corbett says with a sigh.
Sihanouk said the war would continue between Hun Sen forces and the thrid faction of his resistance coalition, the Communist Khmer Rouge, which boycotted the Tokyo conference sessions and did not sign the communique.
Such middle-class manners and mannerisms are what make Drabble novels so popular here and in the U.S. Ms. Drabble is the middle-class achiever's novelist.
To be sure, a huge imponderable in all this is Federal Reserve policy.
Like others, Lugar noted that a probable silver lining to their worries is the continued cohesiveness of the Soviet military.
The initial draw will be $40 million, $20 million of which will replace $20 million previously loaned to meet an interest payment on the Trump Castle bonds.
The prey in their twice-monthly meals, he noted, ends up in the common stomach.
They could choose among any number of new parties, usually led by totally new politicians.
Miss Estefan was nominated in February for best pop vocal performance by a female for the single "Don't Wanna Lose You" in the Grammy awards.
Chief among these are agriculture, services and subsidies.
Although fraternal ties with vendors have been common for decades in Japan, U.S. companies "tend to regard the supplier as their enemy," says Terry Ozan, national director of manufacturing services at Ernst & Young.
However, the lack of voting rights would still be unacceptable to US institutions, and the establishment of the trusts might still cause a drop in foreign premiums as non-US investors moved from the foreign board to the trusts.
The design is slick: The system consists of just a keyboard and a monitor, because a "Personality Pack" containing the computer attaches to the back of the monitor.
The rally, although powerful, will be short-lived, he says.
The new transport and construction ministers meet often to try to co-ordinate policy in areas like urban development and infrastructure spending, where their departments were sometimes at loggerheads. This co-operation is the exception at the moment.
He does not know why he put on so much weight but said it forced him to quit his job and go on disability eight years ago.
At yesterday's hearing, Mr Jim Leach, the ranking Republican member of the banking committee, said the present system was 'indefensible'.
Phillips & Drew Fund Management said it had sold 9m shares on Tuesday, reducing its holding to 13.71 per cent from 14.6 per cent.
The markets attach particular weight to the Social Democrats' policies because of their strong lead in opinion polls.
DiMartino said Wright admitted to the three attacks he was charged with, but didn't have a clear motive.
He became president of Nynex Mobile in 1986, and has briefly been chairman of the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association, the main trade group for the cellular industry.
The company said it expects profit of about $390,000, or 25 cents a share, on sales of $12.5 million.
Western relief sources, who confirmed the report, said the move would cause additional problems in international efforts to avert mass starvation.
"It's a domino effect.
The panel also killed a bill that would have required the sale of guns from one private owner to another be reported to state police, and one that would have increased penalties for people caught carrying guns without permits.
Kansas City Southern, however, is the only concern that has so far publicly expressed an interest in Southern Pacific.
It will also be used by San Miguel in preparation for the export market.
If procedures are followed, the law does not oblige employers to pay redundancy pay; in practice employers rarely do so. Salaried employees come under separate legislation.
Bush plans to meet with the Senate Democrats at the White House early on Tuesday.
The pocket computer, wired to the earpiece, makes it bulkier than other recent hearing aids.
The two bills were introduced in January after a deranged drifter, Patrick Purdy, opened fire at a crowded Stockton schoolyard, killing five young students and wounding 29 others, as well as a teacher.
The federal government has alleged in a civil suit that the California thrift was used by Mr. Keating and the others as a cash cow for their personal gain.
Manuel Antonio Noriega, and sources today said the Roman Catholic church would issue its harshest denunciation yet of the military strongman.
Divers pulled seven bodies from a murky, rain-swollen river Sunday where at least that many people died when a 50-year-old U.S. highway bridge collapsed.
Li paid tribute to the force for helping crush the spring democracy movement, but added, "China faces a long-term struggle and we cannot afford to slacken our vigilance," Xinhua said.
I don't think you should just reduce it to a black-white situation," Jackson replied.
He was in stable condition in intensive care after being in surgery all night.
William John Paterson, 22; Sgt. Michael James Winkler, 31; Signaller Mark Robert Clavey, 24, and Lance Cpl.
Van Dam and Harvey Van Soolen, 50, were found before dawn Saturday atop a capsized 22-foot sailboat, said county sheriff's Capt.
Although many traders had predicted a much more modest gain for the Nikkei Monday, buying by the Big Four firms fueled strong gains in the index, particularly during the last 30 minutes of trading.
Like the raucous chair-throwing sessions and fights that break out in the Yuan, Hsu's unusual campaign for the December vote indicates how much the island has changed since martial law.
The highly controversial theory says such impacts kicked up dust and triggered smoky fires that blocked enough sunlight to freeze many creatures and deprive others of food supplies.
Scottish Hydro-Electric rose 1 1/2 to 103 1/2 p on turnover of 8.6m. Kleinwort Benson successfully placed 8.93m new shares in property development and construction company Wilson (Connolly) at 192p.
There even is a picture of heavyweight boxer Oscar Bonavena, who was gunned down at the gates of the Mustang in 1976 by Conforte bodyguard Willard Ross Brymer.
The government of Baden-Wuerttemberg state has contributed about $1.5 million to Jewish cultural societies to help them recover from a multimillion-dollar embezzlement, a newspaper reported today.
If it hadn't been for that destroyer, I would probably be dead," Nguyen, 20, said in an interview just before Independence Day.
This year Boeing was awarded $85 million for research and development of the Sea Lance, a conventional warhead being developed to attack submarines at long range from surface ships and other submarines.
The Supreme Court refused Monday to help states ban deceptive advertising by airlines.
At the rear, tourists in swimsuits try on fur hats and winter coats.
During the trial, the judge had called the case "an unprecedented prosecution" because it involved world figures, including a former head of state who was a major U.S. ally.
Twenty-four liquid-fueled thrusters help point the spacecraft and adjust its trajectory.
The meeting was to have been held in Paris.
There was no mention of that raid in the Iraqi communique, which declared that Iraq would inflict "further painful blows on the Iranian regime" until it complies with the U.N. Security Council cease-fire resolution passed last July 20.
Specifically, electric utilities surged on lower oil prices and the outlook for lower interest rates.
She has noted, for instance, "various ethnic preferences" in aspirin taking.
It did not give the cause of death or say where the death occurred.
Europe is ripe for some of the cargo services pioneered in the U.S., European airlines and other cargo specialists say.
Wheat and corn prices were up slightly while soybeans were down from a month earlier.
They are anything but logical.
Cambrian & General's capital shares rose one pence to 223 pence ($3.56) but the ordinary shares were unchanged at 136 pence ($2.17) in late trading yesterday on the London stock exchange.
The number reported by the Commerce Department instead sent the dollar up two pfennigs against the mark within five minutes.
"A couple of the events are cruising and drinking and getting out of hand," Bono said. "For the locals, it's a time we dread." Enter Anheuser-Busch, which tries to get its message across before the students hit town.
Wan's brother and father still work in the financial section of the company, he said.
Thousands of rockers, rappers and producers from as far away as the Soviet Union chased down record contracts at one of the country's biggest music conventions, which graduated the likes of Madonna and Run DMC.
Authors always tell us to place the long-term features first, but new ideas intrude and new possibilities emerge as the site is progressively tamed. I have long-term designs on a low sweet-scented hedge of sarcocca which flowers in winter.
In 1955, British Coal's staff totalled over 700,000. It is now 44,000. In other words, over the long haul the economic logic is winning.
It takes very little low margin domestic waste. Margins in the special waste division rose from 8 per cent to more than 20 per cent as the group moved out of treatment of bulk products and focused more on smaller, more hazardous chemicals.
"My attitude was that I'd get a manager and make a living, not that I'd become a star," he said.
Sunflower seeds are a source of an alternative to soybean oil.
Alton Slay, chairman of the National Research Council committee, told reporters.
An in-flight failure could hinder the flow of fuel to the engine.
An officer headed toward Charity Hospital with Archie, but Woodfork said officials decided to take him first to a police station because he might be in danger from Hauck's fellow officers, who had gathered at the hospital.
'My friend was butchered last week,' said a 65-year-old Croat peasant woman.
Some participants went to other ticket offices in the area to demonstrate opposition to flying Eastern, Continental and Scandinavian Airlines, which has financial ties to Texas Air.
The dollar traded at 130.27 yen in London, and at 130.60 yen in New York, up from 129.79 yen late Tuesday.
Alcoa also said its directors acted to redeem all rights outstanding under the company's 1986 shareholder rights plan. These rights currently trade with Alcoa common stock.
Spokeswoman Lynn McMahon said Stormie had experienced mild rejection and physicians adjusted her medication.
The White House had moved its entire press operation to the gymnasium of George Washington University six blocks from the White House.
His performance on "Saturday Night Live" prompted boycotts of the program by cast member Nora Dunn and singer Sinead O'Connor.
'When they went on strike in 1989, Gorbachev fell.
The Japanese yen is playing an increased role in international banking transactions, the Bank for International Settlements said.
The affair will raise money to further research and help victims of retinitis pigmentosa, a hereditary retinal disease that causes progressive loss of vision.
"The twenties seems a decade of brave beginnings," he writes.
Swallowing the berries can lead to diarrhea, vomiting and depression of the central nervous system, the Poison Control Center says.
'A strong management would take control of the situation, but there's no one with the guts or the knowhow to do it,' says one Philharmonic insider.
Hands shoot up all over.
It's been hard," says the 42-year-old, Seattle-based singer.
They called it unnecessary and a waste of billions of dollars already invested at Stapleton.
With the stock market open, analysts now are advising him of that morning's developments in stocks he already owns at the same time that investment bankers are trying to sell him more deals.
Gov. Bob Martinez on Wednesday extended his call for a special session of the Florida Legislature Oct. 10 on abortion to include revision of child protection laws.
Cavazos also said his department will take administrative steps and submit a package of legislative proposals to Congress as part of a strategy to ease the default problem, which is expected to cost taxpayers $1.8 billion this fiscal year.
He said the rate of implementation would depend on the ANC's adherence to its promise to end all violence.
Orders for durable goods, a key benchmark for the economy, surged 6.7 percent in March, and purchasing managers reported that the manufacturing economy expanded for the first time in 11 months in April.
The idea of a legal consumer-rights watchdog organization was hatched at a Washington cocktail party in 1978 by two Rhodes scholars, who then founded HALT.
This is considerably greater than the 3% increase seen for all deaths in the U.S.
The meltdown may even effect the future of entire markets.
Among other things, says one U.S. official scheduled to attend the talks, export controls will likely be ended for all PC models, including the most advanced generation using Intel Corp.'s i486 chips.
He had his vices, he acknowledged.
Temperatures were in the teens while some residents tied sheets and blankets together to slide from their windows down the five-story building's walls.
Martin, in Illinois on Friday, was informed only an hour ahead of the formal announcement that she had landed the job, an administration source said.
"I was stunned at the order reversing the forfeiture," James Deichert, chief of the Justice Department's organized crime strike force in Atlanta, told a panel of 12 senators hearing evidence against Hastings.
"I would like to talk to her without her parents present to determine in fact that she is acting according to her own free will," Kelly said.
One day American tourists will arrive at Heathrow Airport and find that English taxi drivers no longer speak English, or know where to find back streets and the English bed and breakfast will call itself a motel.
Vento said he hoped to move the bill, which has six Democratic co-sponsors, before Congress adjourns next month.
"It's periods like this when I think the thing can break out."
This has helped offset falling sales.
Margaret Thatcher, one of freedom's greatest champions of the last decade, told me that, while NATO has been fantastically successful, we should be ready now to face new challenges.
There are no designated shipping lanes along the reef around the Florida Keys, Jackson said.
In 1990 commercial bank lending to small business grew by 11 per cent but public lending rose by almost 20 per cent.
A Utah man received a suspended jail sentence and paid a $2,500 fine for understating his income so his wife could get a $5,000 student loan.
Mr. Peterson's elevation leapfrogs him over two executive vice presidents.
The Finance Ministry said Japan's reserves of gold, convertible foreign currencies and special drawing rights (SDRs) grew $3.44 billion in December to $81.48 billion.
Rep. Jim McDermott, D-Wash., who visited Casolo in prison, said: "There are many individuals who do not receive such fortunate treatment and who do not have the benefit of so many friends in America.
Rhone-Poulenc, which returned to profit in 1984 after four years of losses, is one of 25 government-owned business groups scheduled for denationalization.
Rather than break new ground, the proposed laws would formalize changes already under way in the economy and clear up confusion over the new practices.
On Wednesday, however, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla., jury convicted record store owner Charles Freeman of obscenity for selling a sexually explicit record by the rap group 2 Live Crew.
Trading and financial institutions have disappeared overnight.
For years, most local politicians have accepted the idea of a spit-and-polish force that is both efficient and cost-effective.
"I cannot meet with the leader of an invading nation," Garcia said Thursday.
If workers in mines not included in current negotiations join in sympathy strikes, a total of 300,000 miners could be on strike, he said.
But, although he admitted resorting to cannibalism to stay alive after the group became stranded in the snow, Packer maintained until his death that he had killed only one.
These include public utilities and oil supply, finance, securities and insurance, land and housing.
"I never seen anybody run that fast," said Constable John Brown, who was escorting Bailey.
Rep. E. Thomas Coleman, R-Mo., a key figure in House negotiations on the endowment's future, said the report could serve as the possible framework for a compromise.
The results compare with earnings of Dollars 124.3m, or 67 cents, on sales of Dollars 1.47bn a year earlier.
Though French officials generally said a reversal of the decision is unlikely, one official who declined to be named said, "You can't rule anything out."
As the grandson of a Georgia sharecropper, he shores up the administration's vulnerability among Southern senators with large black constituencies who feared retribution if they supported Mr. Bork, the crusty elitist.
Hugh Johnson, a senior vice president at First Albany Corp., said the overriding sentiment among investors is reluctance.
Although so far it has been allowed substantially higher price increases than its colleagues to fund the expenditure, this status may well come under pressure in next year's review.
"The Federal Reserve does not need a new credit crisis," said James Grant in the issue published Friday of his newsletter Grant's Interest Rate Observer.
In 1983, 71 per cent of people engaged in small-scale economic activity voted conservative. Asked about the banks, almost a quarter of businesses polled said relations had worsened during 1991 while 19 per cent said they had improved.
Saudi Arabia's foreign minister pointedly reminded Iraq today that the United Nations has not ruled out the use of military force to liberate Kuwait.
Later, when reporters asked for comment, he replied: "That's interesting, that's what I think about it." The vice president's remark came as he traveled aboard Air Force Two to Cincinnati for the Major League All-Star Game Tuesday night.
By now, the seriousness of AIDS as a world-wide medical problem is well acknowledged.
The emergence of a new fault-line in Anglo-German relations on Wednesday night pushed the pound down to DM2.4770 in Asian trading, with the currency bottoming out at DM2.4680 in Europe yesterday.
I don't want to ennoble it too much, but it's about the strength of humanity of this woman as opposed to the cold, inhumane aspect of the law that said she shouldn't help anybody, under those circumstances.
Metzenbaum's bill would repeal the insurance industry's antitrust exemption but allow states to continue individually to regulate insurance.
A lengthy investigation by U.S., Italian and Canadian law enforcement authorities resulted in the arrests on Monday at seven locations in the city and on Long Island, law enforcement officials said.
HOW'S about this for a snapshot of the times in Britain?
The Reagan administration gradually was able at least to stop new spending initiatives.
Dart has more than 2,000 employees.
The restructuring will be expensive and arduous.
But Iran has said Western gestures of goodwill could prompt Iran to further help obtain the hostages' freedom.
Ernst & Young won a dismissal of regulators' claims that the accounting firm contributed to the failure of a thrift. The decision could affect other such suits against auditors.
The debate is designed to allow the government to bring back next month the legislation to ratify the treaty. No one at Westminster doubts that the prime minister feels strongly about the issue.
Durban and Oudtshoorn police kept a low profile, in accordance with the government's 10-day-old policy of permitting some political protests.
That approach has been used successfully recently in other industries.
George Mitchell showed the style he brings to the post of Senate majority leader when he was asked recently how the Democratic Congress would respond to George Bush's call for a cut in the capital gains tax.
Finding costs have soared,' the company said.
Outright acquisitions of other drug makers would be too costly, he said.
Philippine President Aquino directed her cabinet to draft a comprehensive agrarian program, and said she may sign it into law before a new Congress convenes in July.
They are followed by carts containing playing partners, the White House physician, military attache, Secret Service agents and a variety of aides.
Mr. Collor has recently suggested that employers and unions join together in a pact to keep wages and prices under control.
INEXORABLY, dividend cuts are moving closer to the centre of the British corporate establishment.
Orange County's loss on its investment portfolio now stands at Dollars 2.02bn, Mr Tom Hayes, the newly appointed chairman of the restructuring team said yesterday, Tony Jackson reports from New York.
Here is a message from President Reagan on the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah, which begins Sunday, as released by the White House Friday: I am pleased to send holiday greetings to the Jewish community during this season of Hanukkah 5749.
It's entirely possible, of course, that their enthusiasm came partly from the fact that most of them couldn't see much of what was going on.
Banks opposed the bill because of a provision that would have barred them from selling insurance nationwide.
Army radio reported a mass Israeli troop movement into the territories.
'But in spite of a clear weakening, there are still no symptoms of a recession.'
Some opposition leaders say the party is pushing the reforms because it does not have a strong candidate to run for president when Roh's five-year term expires in early 1993.
He did it all and generated the settlement.
"I want nothing to do with it," said Dr. Darrell J. Campbell Jr., a transplant specialist at the University of Michigan Medical Center in Ann Arbor.
Terrified by a new wave of political violence, the family of an abducted human rights activist fled this country Saturday after spending nearly six weeks holed up in a room at the Red Cross.
'Obviously any charitable status of the employer or task would have a bearing on the decision,' it said. Sometimes individuals are able to incorporate unpaid work experience into government training schemes.
The Monterrey-based conglomerate, flexing the renewed strength of Mexico's private sector, conveyed its offer in a public letter to Anchor Chairman Vincent J. Naimoli.
Yet, even in these 'hot' spots, the level of radon can vary greatly between one house and its neighbour.
The anti-communist revolutions in Eastern Europe have yielded a bonanza for Israel in renewed diplomatic ties and the Israelis hope it also means the end of training and weapons support for Arab radicals.
Congress created the FCS more than 70 years ago to provide farmers with a dependable source of credit at competitive rates.
Hungary, for example, lacks the domestic market of Poland, but embarked on market-type reforms much earlier while both the Hungarians and the Czechs have greater access to international capital markets.
The majority of the 1,800 residents of the islands, whose economic mainstay is sheep-raising, are descendants of British sailors.
"Never before in the history of American criminal law has a court granted the prosecution such a one-sided bonanza of information about the defense case," lawyers Brendan V. Sullivan Jr. and Barry S. Simon said in the pleading filed Monday.
She said she agreed to go along with the killings, sometimes acting as a lookout, because she hoped it would bind their love.
'She said they were filthy.
International Paper raised prices of bleached board in August.
The bill passed the lower house of the Diet earlier this month, but the ruling Liberal Demoratic Party lacks a majority in the upper house and couldn't enlist sufficient opposition support for the measure.
Employers see that eager recruiting among groups like women, minorities and the disabled will help, instead of "fighting" the idea, says Fred Alvarez, a Labor Department official.
In the early 1970s, the report said, Americans ate an average of 151 pounds of red meat annually on a per capita basis, and about 49 pounds of poultry.
Soviet journalists threatened a strike and a group of legislators on Tuesday accused President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of using "pressure tactics" in his rebuke of some prominent, outspoken editors.
That is the job of a high-powered task force that is now said to be thinking the unthinkable on this and other contentious issues at Lloyd's.
Roemer met all day Sunday with his closest advisers on how to cut the budget.
Government sources have said Bloch was videotaped in Paris handing a briefcase to a Soviet agent.
In the first quarter, however, net imports totaled about 8.8 billion kwh, up 2.4% from a year earlier.
Teikoku Data Bank said 68 real estate companies with debts totaling 143.3 billion yen failed in April under the weight of continued high interest rates and government controls on lending.
The way you gain credibility here is doing these thingsor at least doing them enough to give the impression that you're doing them." That's only just begun.
It wants to protect its 'core values' of open access to the profession, flexible education and a common 'title' for accountants.
Jackson's white support, up from about 5 percent four years ago, was bolstered by a nearly unanimous black vote, WNBC-TV and ABC News polls said.
Jim Van Messel, co-executive producer of "Entertainment Tonight," says the show hasn't heard yet from any agents or lawyers offering to sell a client's grisly tale, but doesn't expect to wait long.
"The benefits of the EC single market will be amplified by economic and monetary union and a single currency," Christophersen said.
The stock, which proved immune to sharp declines in the market last week, fell 3 7/8 yesterday, to 36 5/8, even though the company reported higher earnings.
He's more British than the British." Rhys-Davies said he sees Joe Gargery as "a holy fool who is not wholly foolish." The miniseries also stars Anthony Hopkins as Magwitch, Jean Simmons as Miss Havisham, and Anthony Calf as Pip.
But it's a problem that some people are involved in heinous crimes, such as kidnapping and murder. FT: What can be done about corruption in Pakistani politics? BB: We are committed to the elimination of corruption.
The airlines say the air-traffic control system is obsolete and understaffed.
Eighteen people were arrested in an investigation into attempts by the Mafia to scare off competition for construction contracts.
Empty, there would be between two and three feet between the water and the top edge of the boat, said Coast Guard Lt.
Both the 1982-83 and 1985-86 occurrences did major harm to fishing off the West Coast.
Still, Cashman plainly relishes his role; as does John Rogan as the bewildered widower Mr McLeavy.
The scientists substituted the extruded whole soybeans for the meal in an effort to retain soy oil which is relatively high in polyunsaturated fat.
Its trade-weighted effective exchange rate is higher than during the second half of 1991 and early 1992.
Dickens's Hard Times is this year's choice, perhaps an appropriate title for an investment manager at the end of a deep recession.
Earlier last week, it was announced that Kuwait and Iran were restoring full diplomatic relations.
Hailed as the "Mozart of shipping" for his precociousness, Martinos entered the business as a teen-ager when his mother and her brothers _ a shipping lawyer and a sea captain _ bought their first ship.
It intends to collect more, for the satellite mapping of the forest zone and for conservation programs where the remaining forest is thickest.
Dr. Langston said research into MPTP also is seeking clues to the cause of Parkinson's.
That is surely not going to happen again, because governments have abandoned the gold peg for their currencies and have generally established targets for the minimum as well as the maximum annual growth rate of the money supply.
But the Royal Bank is increasingly aggressive these days and has now lured Leith Robertson, one of the Bank of Scotland's senior management buyout specialists, to become its corporate director in charge of mbos and acquisition finance.
We worked out all the safety aspects," he said.
He said it was followed by several aftershocks.
And once that becomes evident to investors, these optimistic analysts see nothing ahead but blue sky for stock prices.
Nov. 23 (Malta) Egyptair jet is hijacked, Egyptian commandos storm plane, 58 die, 24 are wounded.
But the audience was far smaller than on opening day.
Airport sources in Geneva said Bush and Syrian leader Hafez Assad were expected Friday in Geneva for a meeting.
Former British prime minister Sir Edward Heath yesterday secured the release of three British prisoners held in Iraq, write James Whittington in Amman and Agencies.
Their only source of flour is via the consortium, which coordinates with the city's six mills.
Mr. Weimert had been president of Community Shares' major subsidiary, Community Savings & Loan Association.
AMR had also sought to foil Mr. Trump in Congress by lobbying for legislation that would have bolstered the authority of the Transportation Department to reject airline buy-outs.
The big aluminum producer said the reorganization would result in Aluminum Co. of Canada replacing Alcan as the parent of the Alcan group.
However, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased 0.5% because of lower financecharge income, which is carried on the company's financial statements as a credit against expenses.
Mr. Greenberg of McDonald's, who doesn't see any evidence of a recession over the next year, says the recent rise in inflation isn't a nationwide trend.
Because idle farm land decimated the demand for labor, fertilizer, farm equipment and other ag inputs.
Named as an unindicted co-conspirator was Joe F. Justice, the imprisoned former president of the Florida Center Bank of Orlando, which went out of business in 1986.
Until today's inflation report, most economists believed that Federal Reserve policy-makers, meeting Monday, would stimulate the economy with another cut in interest rates before the end of the year.
So in a dance studio Thursday night, remembering the glory days, they practiced their jitterbugs and coffee-grinding and listened to Bobby Darin, Frankie Avalon and Neil Sedaka.
Here is a glance at West Germany's proposed treaty for full political unification with East Germany, which would follow the July 1 merger of the two nations' economies.
A pledge by the Contras not to dispatch any forces into Nicaragua from base camps in Honduras, in addition to withdrawing 2,000 of their estimated 5,000 troops based in Nicaragua.
Youths 19 and under accounted for 2,127 of the 29,453 suicides committed in the United States in 1985, the last year for which figures are available, according to the National Center for Health Statistics.
Hill underscored his supporting-actor role by saying that he not only had to win to surmount his Bismarck-boy image, but win big.
They will continue to attack where another dog will just bite and run away," Burns said.
Talks with Michigan Bell resumed Tuesday, and continued early Wednesday, said spokesmen for the utility and the union.
Bargain-hunting by U.S. investors helped some floating-rate note issues recover yesterday in an otherwise featureless Eurodollar bond session.
In state-operated butcher shops, meats are rationed and supplies of better quality cuts are erratic.
Krenz holds talks in Moscow with Gorbachev and announces East Germany has much to learn from Kremlin-style reforms.
It took almost an hour to introduce everybody.
Americans' disposable, or after-tax, incomes rose 1.7 percent in January after rising 0.9 percent in December and falling 0.3 percent in November.
Some 39 per cent of life insurance respondents said that sales volumes actually fell in the period, in spite of expectations that they would rise.
The judge ruled that only documents concerning trade secrets can be kept under seal.
Witnesses have identified members of these squads as prominent members of the ruling party or security force personnel in civilian clothes, it said.
The Stark's captain is being reassigned to shore duty, officials investigating the incident said.
Arthur Stevenson, an analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York, said the rumors incited heavy buying of sugar contracts by futures speculators.
What made the difference this time? "I liked her right away," Schulz said of Johnson, a columnist for the Memphis Commercial Appeal.
But any Dukakis strategy without the South would require an electoral shift of historic proportions for a Democratic victory in November.
Rangoon Radio said one monk had persuaded an unnamed political party to press for a speedy transfer of power in Burma and organized monks to overthrow the government.
"When you were above some of the holes, you just breathed on the ball and hoped it would stop around the cup."
The prince's backstage work included making tea for co-workers.
The criticism has extended to the "era of stagnation" under Leonid I. Brezhnev, who was Communist Party chief from 1964 to 1982.
Cristiani, who takes over June 1 as head of this country's U.S.-backed government, said Nicaragua is the main obstacle to regional peace.
Surgeons restarted her heart with cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
FORT SHERIDAN _ Located in suburban Chicago, Fort Sheridan is a graceful cluster of tan brick buildings that resembles a college campus.
The Soviet foreign minister met jointly with Communist Party officials and one of their harshest foes today and said later his country is determined to maintain good relations with both sides.
Currency dealers said the dollar was suffering from a period of listlessness in the foreign exchange markets and might move lower in the closing weeks of the year.
Some, as all good stories do, ended with a happy ever after.
This hasn't happened in the case of Hess's, causing concern in the credit community.
There was Michael Kirwan, a great appropriator who pushed for an aquarium in Washington because fish struck him as quiet and peaceful, a good influence in the capital.
After the UAW pattern agreement was reached, Chrysler said the deal was too expensive.
The dollar declined against the Japanese yen today, while share prices firmed.
They wanted the Pact to oppose the West's demand that a unified Germany join NATO.
The August incident and another in which a black man was shot to death by police sparked allegations of police racism and prompted City Council hearings on police brutality.
Late last year, a Wenzhou man who ran a private credit union was executed.
Lieberman has sought to outflank Weicker by portraying him as aloof from Connecticut concerns, and has attracted support from all parts of the political spectrum.
There are signs that Fox Network's Dollars 1.6bn investment in American football rights is paying off, while the losses from his Asian satellite venture were a modest Dollars 20m.
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Westamerica closed at $22.25 a share, down 75 cents.
But they acknowledged that the fears of a weak economy that led the Fed to ease slightly in January no longer existed.
These will be sent on a trial basis for as little as Pounds 1-2 each.
In the three months to June unit costs were just 0.1 per cent higher than in the same period last year, down from 1.3 per cent in the three months to May. Many analysts said they were pleased with the labour cost figures.
"I know a doctor who likes to be able to hop in a plane and fly whenever he wants," says Gerald Walton, an FAA official who until recently was the tower manager at Burbank.
Last week, the total fell by 21.
Rebels did not pursue the soldiers into Honduras, he said.
A company spokeswoman said higher material and labor costs led to the price increase.
Since all the Community's neighbours are now designated 'safe' countries, this means that the Community expects Switzerland, Austria, the Czech Republic, Poland and others to deal with Europe's refugee problem.
The bond markets' lethargy contrasted sharply with the euphoria that gripped the stock market.
While no one is likely to take to the streets again soon, the spirit of resistance seems to be building anew.
In the 1980s, the S&Ls eerily re-enacted this precedent.
When he launched the Sun in September, Ingersoll said he wanted to prove that new newspapers, if properly designed and promoted, could be introduced in the United States just as they had been in other countries.
Nonetheless, some analysts had expected a gap of as little as 600 million dollars, and the Australian currency slipped after the figure was released.
Some ended up in "Closer Than Ever." Other songs for "Closer Than Ever" were orphans from "Baby," the duo's one Broadway musical that had a seven-month run during the 1983-84 season.
Two mid-tier City accountancy firms, Wilson Green and Silver Altman, have announced a merger. The new firm will practice from October 1 as Wilson Silver Altman.
The Canadian natural resources company was once controlled by fugitive financier John C. Doyle.
Sheriff Aarvis Whitman calls the home a prison and has refused to send back runaways.
In a statement, Amal accused Hezbollah's fighters of booby-trapping corpses in Jarjou.
She said he was expected to arrive in Paris on Friday night.
The company didn't say how much extra production there would be but dealers estimated that it would amount to an additional 150,000 ounces, which would bring the company's annual output to 1.4 million ounces.
The first episode, "The Taste of Democracy," examines the foundations of perestroika, using excellent archival photos and footage to track Gorbachev's rise to power and the systemic failure of the Soviet bureaucracy.
That job, of course, is to bury inflation so deeply it cannot arise again for years.
He said the whole question of the national emergency was under constant review and it would be lifted as soon as circumstances permit.
In their report in the current issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine, the Cedars-Sinai researchers said they found no evidence that the surgery was more difficult in women than men.
And if a constitution won't immediately ease the Philippines's jitters, a show of strength by Mrs. Aquino possibly will.
Asked when he thought he would feel safe, he said, "When Charles dies." "Obviously, he is very concerned and he has every reason to be," state Department of Corrections spokesman Tipton Kindel said in Sacramento.
Mrs. Thatcher declared in her own speech that German unification should not weaken security and said U.S. and British troops and NATO nuclear missiles must remain in a united Germany.
But former Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger made clear he didn't think the concept was funny when it applied to Pentagon spending.
Pakistan has diverted for its own use millions of dollars of Stinger anti-aircraft missiles intended for U.S.-backed Afghan rebels, United Press International quoted intelligence sources as saying.
They grew in number from 7,500 in 1978 to 19,400 in 1991. The Royal Society says no researcher should have to undertake more than two short-term contracts.
A disposable camera that can be had for under $10.
By attempting to reconcile some of these bitter enemies, Mr. Gorbachev is seeking to establish himself as the unlikely heir to Henry Kissinger and Anwar Sadat as the region's preeminent deal maker.
Drexel played a role in many of them.
Anti-independence legislators did not participate in the vote, it reported.
Now it's the Congress' fault."' Despite officials' claims that the bill must pass, there hasn't been much lobbying by top administration officials, noted Sen. Donald W. Riegle, D-Mich.
He vowed to his mother that he would sing at a Spanish song festival, and Iglesias kept his vow in 1968.
Now Texans will have a choice between one of their own for the top job or for No. 2, and they're likely to go for the big prize, he said.
Patricia Mathis, 33, his mother, said tears just streamed down her face.
Despite the problems, everyone seemed to enjoy it.
The report, which the Agriculture Department released after the close, was in line with analysts' predictions.
An infant nursed by a mother who regularly consumed Lake Michigan fish would be exposed to 6.2 milligrams of PCB by the end of 12 months, Swain said.
Eight doctors and specialists from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine, not previously known as a refuge for conservatives, have just reported their findings from an in-depth study of several hundred homeless people in Baltimore.
Elsewhere in the Leningrad TV clip, Mr. Joel offers a summary of his beginning as a rock musician.
He is prepared to spend his money in the U.S. instead if the new FDA rules make the drugs available here.
Lokmaya's village of Balambhu has better health care than most in this nation of 17 million people.
It said at least 300 students were arrested in Orumiyeh.
America West has about 10.7 million common shares outstanding.
Dukakis, for his part, claims he has cut a record amount in taxes.
Despite congressional approval of the act, several legislators expressed concern over the precedent of closing a station through government edict instead of through the courts.
The stock market declined today in fairly quiet trading, pressured by growing talk of a recession amid ongoing concern about inflation.
Meanwhile, the losses were partially offset by higher profit from securities and foreign-exchange trading and gains from venture capital activities and loan sales, among other things, Chemical said.
The company in May announced that it was cutting the quarterly dividend in half to five cents a share as a result.
The huge amount of damages was based on Pennzoil's assertion that $7.53 billion would be needed to drill for as much oil as it would have acquired in the deal with Getty.
In issuing the new statement, which was stronger than expected, the G-7 nations in effect are betting that they can force currency markets to stop driving the dollar down.
He was convicted on two counts of filing false income tax returns for failing to report more than $350,000 in income from gambling, autograph signing and baseball memorabilia sales.
This is usually confined to the local producing association and the republican government.
And he said that, overall, deregulation has "conclusively" benefited consumers.
In a related matter, Mr. Reynolds said he is "hopeful" that the FCC will approve the proposed sale of KHJ-TV, Los Angeles, before year end, despite the administrative law judge's ruling.
Boeing said about 6.4 million shares of Argosystems were tendered by 12:01 a.m. EDT yesterday.
Instead, they described it has a housecleaning measure agreed upon after Presser underwent a heart bypass operation in late 1983 to assure that control of the union remained with officials at its international headquarters in Washington.
Such suggestions have been around for years.
"Government has no business with a married couple's private consentual sexual practices," Castellani wrote.
The Reagan administration looked high and low for Latin American support for the Nicaraguan Contras but almost always came up empty-handed.
She married a plumber from Kentucky in Las Vegas 11 years ago and they live in a quiet, elm-shaded mobile-home park filled with retirees.
The Democratic Forum began as a loose grouping of intellectuals, artists and scientists in 1987 and since has grown to about 20,000 members.
It would have added 8 cents to the 16 cent tax on a pack of cigarettes, and brought the 16-cent tax on beer six-packs to 36 cents.
City officials rushed to put Holly's name on a park, built on the outskirts of town over an old landfill.
The suit accuses 23 U.S. and foreign banks of antitrust, banking and other violations after they failed to come to terms on restructuring loans to the Hunt companies.
Harbridge House, a consultant, says only a third of the executives it talked to believe their companies are really encouraging innovation.
The collection, in Hillsboro, N.H., is officially known as Kemp's Mack Museum.
The distributions are payable June 30.
Prices of most contracts had declined for three sessions in a row, he noted.
We need to apply the brakes (i.e. accountability), and break up the congressional circle of horrors by electing new officials who will challenge this and other conventional wisdoms.
In this, medieval chivalry and the last hurrah of English military heroism are conjoined.
The administration adopted new guidelines that have stricter limits on the scope and length of work that can be performed by consultants, but Cotton said they are too vague.
As the government still wants to sell its 40 per cent stakes in both companies, it has an obvious incentive to find an acceptable solution before the market's insouciance fades.
The specialty chemical producer had previously spurned a $24-a-share offer; both offers are for 4.96 million common shares.
The U.S. is by far Canada's biggest export market, taking more than 75% of Canada's exports last year.
Timken Co. said it intends to phase out one of its two Columbus, Ohio, manufacturing plants over the next three years.
Neither Amertex nor its owner, Leo Jacobson, has been charged with a criminal offense, though both have been barred from obtaining future Pentagon contracts.
Its videotapes, featuring 60 clients, will go to dating agencies in the U.S., Canada and Australia if Mrs. Lukyanova's grand plans go through.
In the year's first nine months, the company had net income of $34.4 million, or $1.14 a share.
Let the people know."
On London's stock exchange Friday, Cadbury rose one penny (1.9 cents), to 255 pence ($4.69).
The book is only 10% too long, not bad for a family saga that spans 932 pages.
"I looked at him and asked him his name," said Elmer Gnau, a retired tool and dye maker. "I knew if he said Kenneth, he would be my cousin.
He always referred to Lillian Hellman's play, "The Little Foxes," as "The Three Little Foxes," and he fought with Warner Bros. to allow Bette Davis to star in the movie.
He's campaigned for dissenters, including a senator who called his budget settlement a turkey and a Senate challenger who likened the tax provisions to a mugging.
On Thursday, the mine owner, Anglo-American Corp., announced that a fourth miner had been found dead underground, but gave no further information.
They were sending deputies in their stead.
Everyone in this border town knows who the drug smugglers are, but they don't want to talk about it.
Only occasional telephone poles and parts of some buildings were left standing.
During the last meeting, the Sandinistas presented their most liberal proposal.
Among Dollars & Sense's boosters are economist John Kenneth Galbraith, journalist Alexander Cockburn and Democratic U.S. Rep. Ron Dellums of California.
Three of her co-workers confirm her complaints.
Accompanying Siddhi was a 62-member delegation that included bankers, investors and businessmen.
Brandenstein reported the astronauts first spotted LDEF Thursday night.
Rescuers using trained dogs found the body of a cross-country skier buried in an avalanche in Mount Rainer National Park, a park spokesman said Monday.
Whether Torchmark can finish what it started remains to be seen.
EDS has sued Mr. Perot in Virginia charging that he violated the agreement.
That may sound like bluster - but it is a brave person who ignores it.
She also makes her actors look as if they weren't acting.
The book made his international reputation and put him on the cover of Time magazine.
Her husband, Claus von Bulow, was convicted of trying to murder her, but was later retried and acquitted.
"We are anti-imperialist with Moscow and we are anti-imperialist with Washington," Pastora told the crowd at the adjacent Plaza of the Revolution.
The move, from January 1, was announced by President Daniel arap Moi at a rally to mark 31 years of independence from British rule.
Finally, his advice on the vehicles for investing in stocks is consistent with the no-free-lunch doctrine.
Solidarity member of Parliament Aleksander Malachowski, a writer and television personality, said Solidarity's first act tomorrow when Parliament resumes sitting, would be to introduce a bill to abolish the death penalty.
The Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper of Munich reported that Wolf had taken refuge in the Soviet Union to avoid possible arrest in connection with a weapons scandal that occurred under the ousted hard-line Communist regime.
Cadbury-Schweppes, which had been worried by talk of an imminent cash call, rose 9 to 482p and Booker gained the same to 380p.
Mr. Adelizzi declined to discuss reasons for the timing of Home Federal's applications, but said the moves put Home Federal "in the best position to remain flexible for the future."
If the utility commission follows its normal schedule for public hearings, the rate change, if granted, would go into effect next January.
Many observers concluded that failure to take account of the Social Security surplus as part of the government's fiscal action was a cause of the recession.
Having reconciled himself to the operation in Cuba that he formerly had opposed, Mr. Schlesinger tried to insulate the president if perchance something went awry.
The little blonde boy with a dirt-smudged face was blinking and calm when placed on a gurney and wheeled to a waiting ambulance.
Until yesterday Lord Richardson of Duntisbourne, head of the Bank of England between 1973 and 1983, had been the second British director on the BIS board. The choice of title was less straightforward.
Mr. Kelliher said he opposes the two-tier wage scale, which pays flight attendants hired since 1983 significantly less than senior flight attendants.
Second or confirming sources on bedroom behavior are hard to locate.
The midseason replacement series reached No. 1 in the A.C. Nielsen ratings for the second week of March, and a one-hour rerun special knocked venerable "60 Minutes" out of the Top 10 slot.
He has asked a state court in Santa Ana, Calif., to nullify the standstill agreement on his Ramada shares.
99.963 (5.52%) Interest rate ...........................
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Mesa shares closed at $11.875, down $1.
Giveaways attract some drivers, but "a customer doesn't stay with you because of your promotions," Shell says.
The Colorado banking commissioner closed two affiliated banks, bringing the number of bank failures nationwide this year to 159, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said.
Little more than a quarter of US exports go to Mexico and Canada - a proportion that is likely to change only slowly once the agreement comes into force in 1994.
Then Judge Kenyon ordered Bank of America to turn over accounts held by Soviet trading companies to Mr. Gregorian to make up the rest of the damage award.
Nevertheless, there seemed to be continuing differences, in spite of Mr Bock's boardroom shake-up in January.
Community involvement is another way companies try to hold themselves to their original vision.
Twelve firefighters remained hospitalized Wednesday.
But there was no conclusive proof, and a second test application began Sunday.
This practice is known in the industry as 'skin-to-skin' working. The report said the roof fall was caused by rock movement 'probably' triggered by 'the relatively high rate of advance of the working in the roadway'.
Sources said Mr. Spoor wasn't enthusiastic initially, but came around to favoring Mr. Smith as the list shrank.
The harvest has been quite good.
On Thursday, it will again be host to German lawmakers.
But HSBC has managed its portfolio of banks differently.
Cornelia Parker has produced a set of six postcards of work made in the station hotel, itself forbidden to public access.
Meese disqualified himself last year when the Reagan administration opposed renewing the federal law which created independent counsels to investigate top government officials.
The lack of books had made his childhood in Scotland seem like prison, but when he reached London, he found things little better. The greatest city in the world had no public libraries and books were expensive.
But like Alliance's Mr. Wellman, Ms. Franklin is also looking for unquoted securities.
For Toronto-based Labatt, the acquisition underlines the company's determination to expand beyond its core brewing interests.
The unit had been hoping to boost employment for development of two new jetliners.
As widely predicted, issuance in the real estate mortgage investment conduit sector remained strong.
The Philippine air force operates a bombing range near the plantation north of Manila.
Fascinating, he thought _ the orchestration, the instrumentation, how the French horns used high octave violin phrases.
Long Island legislators and Lilco opponents reacted angrily to some tentative terms of the pact, including one that would terminate a lawsuit charging Lilco with fraud, and seeking to recover from the utility $2.9 billion already paid by Lilco ratepayers.
"Most people can't stand it.
After years of trying to get the policy changed, Gartner filed a lawsuit against the U.S. Information Agency _ VOA's parent _ in June 1988 in Des Moines' federal court.
Young & Rubicam, which called the charges "without substance or merit," acknowledges it made payments to Ad Ventures, a company controlled by Foote.
Adjusted to remove any stocks subject to potential arbitrage, it started a slight decline in the mid-August month, coming down to 1.23 from its record 1.29 in the previous month.
Even with the no-checking rule, players collide in tussles for the puck.
Traders agreed much of the activity centered around the Japanese yen.
The easy profits are gone, and many investors may find their initial capital in jeopardy.
Bob Daly, chairman of Warner Bros. studio, a Time Warner Inc. unit, and the leader of the Hollywood negotiating team, said some progress is being made and asked for a deadline extension.
"They're regarded as loners," an unidentified neighbor told the newspaper "Particularly, her.
The Mongolians were allied with the Soviet Union in gaining independence and establishing the world's second Communist state in 1921.
"Let's say I sat each of you down in front of a red button and a black button," he said.
Mortgage & Realty Trust plunged 2 1/4 to 4 1/4.
At least 59 militant unions in Seoul decided on Wednesday to call a joint strike Friday in protest of the crackdown on labor. Union leaders said they would seek an alliance with students.
The release brought to more than 2,500 the number the government has freed.
Chartwell also agreed to buy another 1.233 million Avon shares from A/J Partnership within 30 days.
But this is an unsatisfactory and haphazard procedure.
They come and start trouble.
Former US Central Intelligence Agency officer Aldrich Ames (left) was sentenced to life in prison after he pleaded guilty in Virginia to spying for Moscow.
She thanked her family, especially her husband Emilio, "who waited until we got to the hospital before he fainted, and my son Nayib, who held my hand while we waited for the ambulances.
A coalition of the newspaper's 10 unions met Thursday afternoon, then sent leaders to a meeting with management at the Daily News' headquarters.
The service will be available in the U.S. and Canada initially, with other countries to follow.
A major worry has been the psychological impact of the explosion, especially on the space workers and their children.
During discussions over limiting textile imports, Mr. Sato told President Nixon, "Zensho shimasu," a phrase that can mean anything from "I'll look after the matter" to "There is no way I'll do it."
The farm sales increase reflected in part higher prices caused by the severe drought.
"It was impossible to imagine doing this three years ago," says Baira, a 20-year-old high-school graduate who aspires to become a floor broker at the new Mongolian Stock Exchange.
"We're still paying for the rally we had in January and February," said Mr. Goldman, adding that only more selling can raise cash reserves and investor pessimism enough to fuel another run higher.
The younger Savage, who now works as an affirmative action officer for the Chicago Metropolitan Sanitary District, was not in his office Wednesday and could not be reached for comment.
"We don't know what it (`Iranian Nights') is all about; nothing was sent to us," said Muhammed Ebrahim, executive secretary of the Islamic Council. "What we don't know, we cannot be concerned with.
Spot, or noncontract, prices were mixed.
"Continued earnings pressure is likely."
Squatting behind home plate for the White Sox this young baseball season, 40-year-old Carlton Fisk feels lousy.
Outside court, defense attorney Ray Clark said Ramirez "has good days and bad days." "He just doesn't like court," said Clark.
Mr. Windfeldt recalls that most vacuum cleaners were sold door to door when he entered the business 26 years ago.
Cominco and Teck, which own a combined 21% of Aur's shares, also will gain representation on Aur's board. However, the companies extended an agreement to support Aur's current management until 1996.
Afghanistan repeatedly has charged that Pakistan is violating the agreement, which took effect May 15, by continuing to arm guerrillas.
The traffic problems were compounded by a car that went into a ditch, she said.
"Our deal is far from done," Mr. McCullough says.
After the victims were butchered, they were sent down the Sava River.
"We've never had temperatures like this that I can recall.
Mr. Gandhi, however, might want to ponder China's own flirtations with the Soviets.
That's just "murderous" for any violin, he says, and especially so for the 500 to 600 old Cremonese violins still being played (out of a couple of thousand produced by the masters).
Two of the demonstrators were arrested, the statement said.
In a decision that could bolster the rights of AIDS victims, the justices ruled 7-2 that people with contagious diseases are covered by a federal law that prohibits discrimination against the handicapped in federally aided programs.
Austin was killed by New York City police in a shoot-out in 1971 following a bank robbery.
Manufacturing value-added (MVA), at constant prices, declined almost 30 per cent between 1982 and 1986.
Mr Evans Nicolas, the self-styled leader of the revived macoutes, said he and his faction were ready for 'civil war' to thwart the return of the president.
Platinum for January delivery settled at $578.60 an ounce, up $15.40.
The toughest decision usually was whether to buy or lease the photocopier.
It also covers provisions for the closing of Gitano retail stores that aren't in outlet locations.
Does laying out 20 grand to hear Dan Marino explain how he aspires to win a Super Bowl really inspire a management team, metaphorically speaking, to seek the corporate Super Bowl?
If successful, the acquisition by Salt Lake City-based American Stores would create the nation's largest supermarket chain.
Taxpayers placed $36 billion in California's state coffers, the largest collection reported.
Mark Obrinsky, an economist with the U.S. League of Savings Institutions, said the March increase, coupled with an overall 9.6 percent jump in February, provide evidence that housing has recovered from its slump in December and January.
All eight officers were charged with entry without permission, a misdemeanor, and with conspiracy to conceal a crime, a felony.
It means the satellite was sent into precisely the right orbit.
CSFB's income from trading operations plunged 44.6% to 105.2 million francs last year from 190 million francs in 1986.
A municipal judge ruled that the magazines are obscene, opening the way for city officials to ban their sale in Urbana.
"We feel it's a very good showing for Jesse in a state that does not have many blacks," said Tom Disselhorst, state co-chairman for the Jackson campaign.
The New Jersey federal court will hear another motion by Ciba-Geigy for a preliminary injunction against Alza and Marion Merrell on Dec. 23.
The en suite panelled bathroom had a free-standing bath and sociable chairs. This was our self-catering home for the weekend, the house once host to William III.
A spokeswoman for Motorola said the stay of Bunton's ruling will be sought from the Washington court.
Along with those higher labor costs, Bethlehem Steel was hampered by scheduled maintenance programs at its prize Sparrows Point plant, which significantly reduced capacity and forced it to buy steel from other producers to meet customer orders.
West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher met with Baker in Brussels on Friday to discuss the disarmament dispute and the Soviet proposals.
Another fire in Everglades National Park, about 27 miles southwest of the city, scorched 10,500 acres by Friday. Firefighters expected to control it today, said park spokeswoman Darlene Koontz.
The transfer of funds will leave the FSLIC, which is managed by the Bank Board, severely depleted.
The Kremlin also denied U.S. charges that its troops are leaving as many as 30 million mines behind.
A senior Bush administration aide said the U.S. sent word of Mr. Bush's proposals to all the nuclear-armed former Soviet republics.
The other three _ ganciclovir, aerosol pentamidine and alpha interferon _ are used to treat AIDS-related conditions.
Jordan ruled the West Bank from 1949 until it was captured by Israel in 1967.
In La Oroya, 95 miles northeast of Lima, Shining Path assassins shot and killed a mining labor leader Monday on a city street, police said.
Hours later, six leftist guerrillas were killed in a battle with a special army brigade created to fight the rebels.
This manure contains nitrogen, which is transmitted through the soil and the root system of the barley to the grain. But this year, for some unaccountable reason, our barleys contained much lower percentages of nitrogen than usual.
The others were forced to watch and keep count, authorities also said.
Some of the antiques in Jalousie's Great House have come from Glenconner's homes in Mustique, Scotland and England.
Its 32.0 rating was the 14th highest-rated made-for-TV movie ever.
In a fight like this, you have to."
In Africa and the Caribbean, a large majority of victims were _ and are _ heterosexuals.
Everyone was making money.
The plan also called for Ramada shareholders to receive cash and stock in Aztar.
The chief chef was Williams, a nine-year pro veteran who has switched off with Jay Schroeder as the Redskins' signal-caller this season.
Most dwarfism is genetic, but it usually does not strike all members of a family, and it can be caused by more than 100 disorders, Ott said.
There were 8,002 workers eligible to vote, and under the board's rules, the Teamsters needed at least half of those workers to mail in ballots in the union's favor.
I don't think you have any instance as flagrant as this one." Just how flagrant is too flagrant isn't clear under Florida law: A certain degree of "pre-petition planning," as bankruptcy lawyers like to call it, is acceptable.
'Our conception of Europe,' says a senior Elysee official, 'is that France, Germany and Britain are fairly close.' But the desire of France and Germany to help Mr Major is not unlimited, and it will not last for ever.
"I don't need anyone in or out.
Anticipating the new standards, many thrifts have been selling assets and reducing their size recently.
The FDIC revised its report for 1989 bank profits to $15.7 billion, down $600 million from an earlier report.
But he added: 'If there is no more easing in the repo rate within two weeks, the pressure on the system will return.
As previously reported, Aaron Brothers directors and other stockholders who together hold 64% of the shares outstanding have agreed to tender their shares.
The Iraqi News Agency also reported that Iranian artillery shelled residential areas in the southern port of Basra, the border town of Khanaqin and Sirwan in northeast Iraq throughout the night. It made no mention of casualties.
Co-ordinated through a new regional logistics centre in Singapore; engines will be shipped in from Brazil, axles and drive trains will come from India.
Total assets were $30.7 billion, up from $26.3 billion a year ago.
Genoese said he sent a telegram to Steven G. Rothmeier, chairman and chief executive officer of NWA Inc., the parent company of Northwest, requesting a meeting.
Ships carrying a Marine expeditionary unit from Okinawa, equipped with a squadron of assault and cargo helicopters, have arrived in position near the Saudi peninsula.
Only the president is authorized to grant Secret Service protection to non-presidential candidates.
But in 1972 the party abandoned FDR's grand alliance and began to appeal to voters as members of special interest groups.
The value of customer business on Thursday reached a hefty Pounds 2.43bn. There were, however, some outstanding stock performers.
American films make up 55% of the French market, while French films attract less than 1% of American moviegoers.
The Energy Department noted, however, that it retained regulatory authority over radioactive portions of its wastes.
Late Friday, the company said it entered a tentative agreement under which it will sell an 11% stake to International Paper for $209 million.
Shaike Erez, head of Israel's military administration in the West Bank.
Economic growth has been 5 percent over the same period, according to government figures.
What makes supervision of the industry even more difficult, he says, are the large numbers of stock-loan "finders," or firms that seek commissions from matching up lenders and borrowers.
He said one recent trip to San Francisco, booked through Eastern's club, cost $175 round trip. "The cheapest (comparable) airfare I was able to find was $268," he said.
The chip accord, signed last summer, forbids Japanese chip makers from selling dynamic random-access-memory chips, or D-rams, below certain fair-market values calculated by the Commerce Department.
As in watering, "once established" are the key words.
Myers said second-quarter net income rose 66%, to $2.1 million, on a 54% sales gain, from $1.3 million.
Before the private lairds there were the clan chiefs.
But to ensure that they wouldn't be overworked, he added one more employee to her staff.
In less than a month, the developer has announced two property deals that would put him in command of a lucrative five-block area in the center of the Boardwalk.
This year, however, Pohanka Hyundai is on track to sell fewer than 800 cars.
Though the subject lies dormant now, there are more than 200 communities with some form of residential rent controls, most adopted during periods of rapid general inflation in the 1970s, and most in the Northeast and California.
"The United States is the wrong country for an international bank to be based," he said.
But such hopes seemed to get no support from comments Wednesday morning by Alan Greenspan, the Fed's chairman, before a congressional committee.
A statement from the Defense Ministry noted that Turkey agreed last March to postpone small-scale exercises in the Aegean following a Greek request.
An agreement forged last month between the Czech, Slovak and federal governments keeps foreign policy, defense, general economic and monetary policy under federal control.
AT&T, which holds a 37% stake in the project, said it has notified customers of the delay.
"I don't think very much will come out of all this," concludes John de St. Jorre, a writer who is editing a report on South Africa for the Ford Foundation.
But the treaty foes admit they have an uphill fight, since many of those they hope to woo are Reagan loyalists.
Newton's "Aramus" herd, named after a favorite Polish national champion stallion owned by the entertainer, is considered one of the top five Arabian herds in the world.
Dollar figures for the 1989 and 1988 periods were converted from British pounds at the Sept. 30 rate of $1.615 to the pound.
She has no formal training in psychology, but lists in her resume certifications in accelerated learning, stress management and self-talk technology.
The November contract fell as low as $5.89 a bushel, its lowest level since Aug. 3, before bouncing back late in the session.
"And when I think that the proceeds from my house will help educate our lawyers, doctors and teachers of the future, that makes me feel good.
And while selling Philipp Brothers has been talked about, the big unanswered question is to whom.
The training exercise had nothing to do with the Persian Gulf crisis, Harper said.
National City, which disclosed its $870 million stock bid in May, says that consolidating the banks' operations would save $125 million a year.
Around midday rumors started to circulate in the market about a nuclear accident in the Soviet Union, depressing share prices further, dealers said.
"We do anticipate some exiting of farmers, particularly in the northern Plains and part of the western Corn Belt," said Gregory Hanson, an Agriculture Department economist.
Acquired stock would be used for general corporate purposes, it said.
The Eritrean rebels claimed capture of the port in a radio broadcast Saturday, but a government official in Addis Ababa said the rebels controlled only parts of the town.
All of this is admittedly my own sidewalk surmise.
The last tiny dusky died of old age in June in a specially designed environment on Discovery Island, a Walt Disney World zoological park primarily for birds.
The same can hardly be said for Finmeccanica. The company has thoroughly restructured its activities since the days when it was best known for its loss-making Alfa Romeo cars operation, sold to Fiat in 1986.
"It's time to grow the business," he said.
In a proposal aimed at the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, Sen. Bentsen also suggested that an oil import fee could be imposed only on foreign countries that belong to oil cartels.
Famous movie couples will be seated at tables between the palm trees, and a bandstand will be on the stage.
"The internal (trade) imbalance has become so acute now that the country's market is actually threatened by disintegration," the former premier said.
The merger of USAir Group Inc. and Piedmont Aviation Inc. is expected to create a profitable new carrier that analysts say would be a strong challenger to the nation's so-called mega-carriers.
Tens of thousands of the colony's residents concerned about Communist control have sought permission to move out.
"The present acceleration of history is one in which the partnership is being put to a test," he said, adding that the two nations would pass the test because of their common interests and U.S. goodwill.
"I'm amazed at these people.
Japan expressed concern Thursday about political developments in Burma and said it would wait to decide whether to recognize the new military government.
Besides, Mr. Crosby asserts, SmartRoute has built an elaborate system for gathering data and doesn't need Metro's reports.
Today is Monday, June 20, the 172nd day of 1988.
Krenz's new leadership has blamed Honecker and Mittag for plunging the country into the crisis and Mittag has been kicked out of the party.
She writes at least three columns and features for the Plain Dealer's Friday tabloid and another two to three reviews for the rest of the week.
Robert Falise, Irving's general counsel, said management views the Banca Commerciale offer as superior because, "We believe a partnership with a global financial institution makes much more sense than an acquisition by a domestic one."
But the copper content in ore of most deposits is less than 1 per cent - with small traces of precious metals - making the mining of ore for producing copper economically unviable.
But Ms. Tutwiler said Libya is "still trying to acquire chemical weapons capability and is engaged in destabilizing efforts around the world.
In fact, for a glimpse of the U.S. population in roughly 30 years, look at Florida right now.
He was cited for his contributions to the development of parallel processing in computers.
At Las Mercedes Airport east of the city, Somoza supporters and their families tried desperately to get on departing flights.
The dispute between Mrs Patricia Ashmore and other Lloyd's Names and the Corporation of Lloyd's, will be heard by the Court of Appeal in February next year. It has been before the courts since 1988.
"We aren't so foolish as to think someone looking to buy his third BMW will switch to Sterling," says Raymond Ketchledge, president of Austin Rover of North America, which is partly owned by Rover.
The electrical-equipment group posted a surge in net income with the aid of one-time gains.
For us, it's a very expensive activity, although for the rest of the world our costs are very low.' As well as money, these co-productions attract big names which help independent productions compete with Hollywood films.
Researchers reported the accidental discovery of a family of drugs that may prove more potent with fewer side effects than current medicines for arthritis and other ailments involving inflammation.
Charleston Insurance has about 15,000 policies covering property in South Carolina.
Bertie's a frightfully decent chap and fancies himself a master schemer and solver of life's small problems, but his machinations always go awry, requiring the intervention of Jeeves ("Indeed, sir?") to get him out of trouble.
There is speculation that Mosbacher may become Commerce secretary.
Denver-based M.D.C. has interests in home building and real estate development.
Snow fell over the Rockies and the Plains today, and up to 7 inches of rain drenched southern Florida.
At the same time, 30% of Puerto Rican families in the U.S. live in poverty, compared with a 9% national average.
It went down Wednesday at Lake Managua, about six miles east of Managua.
Here are some other stands taken by Quayle: _Against a bill elevating the Veterans Administration to the president's Cabinet.
Control Data Corp. and Unisys Corp., which has a big operation here, have laid off almost 10,000 employees during the past five years.
"We knew as a country who we were, what we were, and there was a foreign policy that was basically born in a consensus and executed forthrightly."
It "is having a negative impact on the efficiency and morale of remaining employees who must take on extra work when positions become vacant." Rep. Neal Smith, D-Iowa, the subcommittee chairman, said, "You shouldn't have to put up with it.
Hal Eubanks, a property manager, was also named as a defendant.
He confirmed the two governments have discussed from $1 billion to $1.5 billion in aid.
Stock prices fell today amid renewed worries over the interest-rate outlook.
United Parcel Service has announced it will match the delivery and pickup times of overnight delivery competitor Federal Express Corp.
Upset, Mr. Cummings sued the vets.
Another government report Wednesday showed that new homes sales climbed 5.5 percent in June, the third monthly increase.
Partly as a result of the emergency imports, which included razor blades, soap, winter boots and clothes, the Soviet Union posted a trade deficit last year for the first time in 14 years.
Mr. Mulay, divorced with two grown children, wanted something to fill his time.
Responded Anderson: "They're also paying lower than any other hospitals in the area." The agreement was reached early Thursday after negotiators sat through two consecutive, 17-hour bargaining sessions.
America must never surrender to a high moral challenge.
"It shows that, as our numbers show, that we're under stress and that we need more funds," he said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
"Nearly everyone in Bali is an artist," Birch said. "They dance or paint or play a musical instrument.
MacDonald recruited a salesman and started selling in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.
The dissenters were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy.
He wrote it himself," Fitzwater said.
According to Kelly, maintenance personnel at the airport said the plane's chutes worked properly and that people often suffer ankle and back sprains from the sharp drop down an emergency chute.
But he said it was "too early to say" whether those nations would abandon socialism.
Born in Trenton, N.J., Smith lives in Tuftonboro.
If the two merge, the companies will have to agree on a programming format.
Apparently, most traders also thought that way, because many decided to take profits, he said.
He has found nothing wrong with this bike.
Among manufacturers, productivity grew at a 3.8% rate in the third quarter and a 3.7% rate in the second, after falling in the first quarter of 1991 and the last quarter of 1990.
Although CableOne said no other advertisers have signed up yet, it expects advertisers to be attracted to the potential of "roadblocking," in which the same commercial runs at about the same time on a number of different networks.
Most other provinces have similar laws.
The department has agreed to a wide study of the environmental impact of weapons plant modernization, but has not said this would affect its schedule for getting the main production plants back on line after lengthy shutdowns.
He knows how to play his hand and hold back his ace.
'We need to think very carefully before we encourage people to specialise on a narrow front,' he said. Rightwing educationalists remained unhappy.
The first of two U.S. cargo planes to be delivered to the Colombian government landed Saturday at Howard Air Force Base in Panama loaded with spare parts.
GM in particular is already trimming production piecemeal.
Voters appear to have little faith left in the oft-discussed Middle East "peace process," so neither they nor journalists are pressing candidates to explain how they would get Israelis and Palestinians into negotiations.
Pacific Scientific makes restraint equipment, instruments, motors and controls.
Without such rules, the expense would be personal interest, for which the deduction is being phased out, unless it could be treated as investment or passive-activity interest.
In Santiago's Hotel Carrera, Arias walked down the lobby stairs from a meeting with Quayle, as Spain's Gonzalez walked in. They embraced and cameras whirred.
But the board found that their locking mechanisms were susceptible to damage.
The dinner also affords an opportunity for the two presidents to exchange pleasantries in formal toasts, which are often political in nature.
Neither forecast proved correct. To make unification a success, Germany will need to maintain public sector transfers from west to east of at least DM100bn (Pounds 35.8bn) a year until the end of the decade.
His lawyers produced letters Cook wrote to McLaughlin from prison, in which she admitted killing the neighbor.
Roberts was national editor at the Times after covering the 1960s civil rights movement and the Vietnam War for the newspaper.
Krenz said he had moved into the "quiet East Berlin street" after assuming the party leadership from hard-liner Erich Honecker on Oct. 18.
Their bouffant hairdos bob as they mumble prayers.
Then its council is scheduled to review progress towards meeting this year's target.
The commission's plan is intended to form the basis for an in-depth discussion of monetary union by EC finance ministers Sept. 7 and 8 in Rome.
We're not allowing any fancy trading tactics and we're requiring cash up front for any over $10,000," he said.
Scottish & Newcastle also unveiled an agreement with Coors Brewing of the U.S. to brew its Extra Gold premium lager under license in Britain.
Another alternative for investors worried about missing bond calls is to buy U.S. Treasury securities.
Dwindling U.S. stockpiles, looming cold weather and a British warning of a Persian Gulf conflagration combined to drive oil prices back over $40 a barrel Thursday to a new record close in hectic futures trading.
It is also very likely that the high utilisation ratio reflects scrapping of capacity and not just the strength of recovery.
Zia himself died in a plane crash in August 1988.
In the latest quarter, investment gains of $22.1 million resulted in net income of $162.2 million, or $1.11 a share.
Of the people in the Tindouf refugee camps, Rguibi said: "They are carefully watched and spied on.
Thirty of the country's main lenders, who hold $33 billion in loans to Brazil, were invited to attend the meetings.
Unlike Basey, some of them were honored posthumously.
But I don't believe (in those things) now.
Robert Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney, has previously accused the Justice Department of refusing to cooperate in his investigation of BCCI.
Earlier last week, French Foreign Trade Minister Michel Noir said that the lower dollar was a "catastrophe" for Airbus Industrie and will force the consortium to sell its wide-bodied jets at a loss.
Last year a British group walked to the South Pole but had to be rescued by the U.S. National Science Foundation after ice crushed the boat that was to have been used for the return voyage.
Relief is clearly needed, but even the debate over that is instructive.
The Senate tried to save the part of the plan that extended Medicare to cover long hospital stays, but the House insisted on total repeal and, in the legislative equivalent of an across-the-Capitol arm wrestle, the House won early Wednesday.
GOVETT EMERGING Markets Investment Trust has invested 90 per cent of the proceeds of the offer of C shares and has set January 31 as the reference date for the conversion into shares and warrants.
The Chiat/Day/Mojo spokesman said the Drexel situation was unrelated to the attempt to win J.P. Morgan's business.
Last month, Glaxo invested $20 million in three-year old Gilead Sciences, Foster City, Calif., to develop anti-cancer drugs.
By 10 p.m., ambulances were taking people to four hospitals and medical centers.
Or his boss, Prime Minister Vaclav Klaus who, when asked what should be done to open the EC market to Czech products, sighed: 'We spent years studying western economic textbooks.
Officials wouldn't identify the lender, citing company policy.
The company emerged from the development stage and became profitable earlier this year.
But the plan for Philadelphia's business-improvement district hatched long before the fiscal crisis flared.
Police on Sunday searched for five men who escaped from Cork jail during a nationwide strike by Ireland's 1,900 guards, and disturbances were reported at two Dublin prisons.
The Red River crested Tuesday evening at Shreveport, Louisiana's second biggest city, and was expected to crest Sunday at Alexandria.
Annunzio of Illinois is the second-ranking Democrat on the House Banking Committee and chairman of its financial institutions subcommittee.
There are those who hope Reagan's fondness for his old vocation will lead him back to the screen.
Ruled that the U.S. territory of Guam and its officials may not be sued for allegedly violating a much-used federal civil rights law.
It also includes projections for slower sales once most of the sales incentives that currently offer rebates and loan financing as low as 1.9% end later this month.
Traders are hoping the lower cash prices will attract retailer interest, analysts said.
The question from Jessica Lee of USA Today about the handsome teen-ager Bush calls his "pride and joy" struck a nerve in what was otherwise an unflappable performance by the early-rising president.
Unusually, he took a leading role in seeking to secure more generous tax treatment for the industry during the final stages of the finance bill.
Bush's authority to negotiate a new world trade pact won't be extended unless "significant progress" is made by March 1, a senior Senate Finance Committee member warned.
An Allegheny spokesman said the consumer and high-technology products concern wouldn't comment.
"It's such a great opportunity to make music and travel in the United States and travel in Russia," says Caroline Coade, 20, of San Diego, Calif.
The San Francisco-based REIT's latest results also included a gain of $522,000 from sale of another property.
Many of the Dutch truly were Nazi victims.
"We will be out of funds enabling us to do transactions," he said.
Alas, the simple fact of being menaced with my own spade has warped my catalog reading.
She had been raped by more than one person, her clothing was in disarray, she had suffered multiple scratches and abrasions, and she was so drunk that her life was in danger, the report said.
In the 1950s, the Cuban political class was wont to say, "Without sugar, there is no country."
Courier Dispatch Group Inc., Atlanta, said it expects to roughly "break even" in its second quarter, ending Dec. 31, but expects to improve earnings in the third and fourth quarters.
He declined to be more specific when asked to identify the U.S. officials or agencies that had been contacted.
As business slows at Wesray, some of its younger investment bankers, who haven't made Simon-size fortunes yet, are jumping ship.
However, he says, U.S. machine tool builders are making headway against those problems.
However, Mr. McNamee emphasizes that public investors shouldn't have to undo the debt Black Box incurred two years ago by "the unrealistic assumptions" of the LBO investors. "It's obvious the original LBO was structurally flawed," he says.
Wildenstein picked up a Salvator Rosa for about Pounds 60,000 and sold it on to the National Gallery in 1982 for Pounds 350,000. American museums, such as the Getty, were happy to pay Colnaghi's well for the five Van Dycks that it dispersed from Althorp.
As many as 42 civilians were killed and about 50 others wounded in the northern mining town of Segovia.
They plan to keep working for reforms, such as a free press and an end to widespread official corruption, regardless of whether Communist Party reformers win a power struggle with conservatives.
Indeed, Merrill Lynch Capital Markets and several other big investment firms suffered a shock from falling bond prices last April.
Michel Aoun's Christian army units and an alliance of Syrian troops and Druse militiamen.
Residential building was relatively flat in June compared with May.
Richard Dennis was national co-chairman of Bruce Babbitt's presidential campaign.
Mr Cedric Brown, chief executive, said the group was at the start of a 'complete and radical transformation'.
Great Northern had raised the antitrust issues in a federal lawsuit in Connecticut that it considered its first line of defense in the takeover battle.
Most of the victims were female engineering students.
He pointed at a row of damaged Soviet combine harvesters.
If you don't believe it, why don't you go and see her for yourself?' And so I did, but not without some difficulty.
Some Soviet soldiers are resigned to going home, but want to buy as much as possible to take with them.
Parkin, a known target of the Pentagon procurement probe, had been employed by the Navy's Joint Cruise Missile Project Office from 1977 to 1983.
The notes would include a 15% interest coupon payable in notes for two years and semi-annual cash payments thereafter. Each bond also would contain a detachable warrant to buy 80.44 common shares at $2.25 a share and would expire in 1997.
But discount stores and sellers of moderately priced basic apparel are expected to post better results.
Under terms of the compromise, the industry would be required to sell network programs to about 3 million mostly rural owners of backyard satellite dishes, according to Senate sponsors.
Dick Tracy has a gang of funny-faced bad guys on the run in movie theaters and Bart Simpson rules television airwaves and T-shirt sales, but the summer belongs to Spider-Man for comic book fans.
Is it true, as he observes, that Israel had "nothing to lose" in the 1967 war because Washington would have rescued it?
"But I think if I would have done that, I would have been ashamed for the rest of my life." Loftus, the crusader, was once a comfortable insider with a steppingstone resume.
The purchase would be a relatively low-cost alternative to building new plants, a company spokesman said. The Portland, Ore., diversified utility has operations in seven states.
The engineers remained inside the TUC.
Mr. Berger said a corporate restructuring has begun which includes personnel reductions of 25% and further consolidation of distribution facilities.
Revenue rose 7%, to $68.7 million from $64 million a year earlier.
The deposits helped the bank conceal losses, the report said.
P&G's U.S. shipments were up just 1%, partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter.
The sharpest impact could come in Britain, where women get full retirement benefits at age 60 while men must wait until 65. Pension plans in Belgium, Greece and Portugal also may have to be rewritten.
Pope John Paul II arrived in Warsaw for the start of a weeklong visit to Poland, and urged respect for human rights during a formal meeting with the country's Communist leader.
It also plans to share research and possibly co-invest with two larger Baltimore venture-capital funds, New Enterprise Associates and ABS Ventures.
"I'm not arguing with the trend," Mr. Schramm says.
"We're running a tightrope between an attempt to keep things normal and secure," Superintendent Donald Monroe said. "We shouldn't tell schools across America to lock their doors to the neighborhoods around them," Monroe said.
Conyers had copies of the memo but did not release it to the public.
Fog brings fear for some residents of this central Florida mining town, where state officials have measured nine releases of dangerous ammonia or sulfur oxides from nearby chemical plants since 1987.
Much of Friday's session was spent debating language permitting the District of Columbia to use local funds to pay for abortions for poor women.
But Manville executive Mr. Stephens said the Denver-based company's research indicates that the output of one-and-a-half new paper machines will be needed to supply demand for high-quality paperboard for food and beverage containers by 1995.
He hired the Penthouse lawyer.
THE GOVERNMENT yester-day tried to head off threatened disruptive action by dentists, Alan Pike writes.
The models, which cost about $75,000 each, will be used in research.
But I hope there's not total consolidation.
The private station makes about $1.2 million a month.
This company first produced it in 1984.
The trader spoke on condition of anonymity.
He also said he would decide Monday if a longer delay was necessary.
He can see no other way.
Some technology issues were hit by profit-taking.
From the time he arrived in Washington from Mississippi half a lifetime ago, the 46-year-old Mr. Russ labored to make life easier for members of Congress.
Enforcement was scheduled to begin Monday night, even though Mayor Marion Barry Jr. and Corporation Counsel Fred Cooke acknowledged that the plan might violate constitutional guarantees of freedom of assembly and privacy rights.
For individuals, the minimum face value of investments in Third World debt tends to be $1 million or more; bankers say the documentation involved in transferring such loans is too complex to justify doing trades much smaller than that.
The shipbuilding giant's union members walked out this week to protest the government's arrest of several union leaders.
No one was injured in the blast, which occurred Saturday night in the city's Intramuros district.
Bakker said he has $2.9 million in cash and pledges already, and expects to top $3 million by the end of the day.
Plaintiffs' lawyers, who have been the main force behind greater openness, insist the companies' fears are unfounded. "There is a small set of cases that would not settle if the settlement didn't guarantee secrecy.
Republic officials couldn't be reached for comment.
The large speculative trading firms Refco Inc. and C&D Commodities were big sellers of both soybeans and wheat, despite disagreement among private and government forecasters about the 6-to-10 day outlook.
But in this case, it is incidental rather than central.
The plan is subject to approval by regulatory agencies.
The lawsuit alleges that Cambridge Capital forced the 67-year-old Mr. Webster into retirement without promised benefits and asks for $30 million in compensatory and punitive damages.
Similarly, the textile maker Burlington Industries Inc.'s 13 7/8% bonds of 2000, which had traded at 85 cents on the dollar as recently as Aug. 10, slipped to 81 cents by last Friday.
But individuals' and other returns are processed normally, Blattner said.
This value is calculated as the product of an 'environmental index' and the quantity of material or energy. Each environmental index is calculated from a detailed LCA.
"The ball's in their (the FBI's) court, we're waiting to hear from them," said Guidoboni.
But the Dukakis and Jackson camps resolved their differences and no nomting petition was filed.
Even if Saddam goes, the structures of the ruling Ba'ath party would be hard to dismantle and its officials would be still wedded to the concept of a single Iraq governed by the Sunni minority in the geographical centre of the country.
The Dow Jones average of 30 blue-chip stocks ended 10.67 points higher at 2,083.04 after a mostly lackluster session.
Adds Peggy Bowling, an Oklahoma City fan, "A lot of women see in Barbie what they would like to be."
The chef even furnished Mr. Monteleone with a piece of lavender cloth to nail down the proper shade.
Indeed, UAL, in yesterday confirming Mr. Davis's proposal, provided virtually no details.
Taxi drivers are more likely to be playing tapes of Madonna than Peking opera.
It's only noon and you're already drunk!" the voice said, and hung up.
Police said they stopped the car because Papa and Rampersant matched the description of a holdup team that had stolen $10 and a ring from a woman on a Coney Island street six days earlier.
Construction payrolls fell by 14,000 and manufacturing jobs by 18,000, according to the Labor Department's survey of business establishments.
In Earth's gravity, when materials like the astronauts are testing are mixed, the lighter one tends to float to the top. Hilmers said in zero gravity it was more like a yolk floating inside the egg white.
He can appeal the ban after a year.
"It means a lot to put a face with the music," Royal said. "And people saw that I wasn't 112 now, using a walker." These days he's on concert bookings with country kings such as George Strait and Alabama.
Anderson, 42, chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press, had been held the longest.
George Bush said he wanted to be remembered as the education president, didn't he?
He spoke eloquently about his framework for taxation, but dodged being pinned down on detail. Second, Labour is trying to pick up what suits it from Germany, leaving the rest alone.
However, analysts returned from their meeting with Reckitt feeling very depressed about prospects for the company and shaved forecasts to between Pounds 255m and Pounds 265m for the current year and Pounds 270 to Pounds 290m for 1993.
The Corporation of London, which administers London City, gave the museum $176,000 to dig on the site next to the medieval Guildhall, where the corporation meets.
In 1987, we estimate paying $60 million in hospital benefits for AIDS victims.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the pair was arrested earlier in the week after arriving at Rome's Leonardo da Vinci airport on flights from London.
Channel 4's adult American comedy series Dream On (adult by television's standards, anyway) was as funny as usual.
The non-callable issue is priced at 277 basis points above the Treasury's 10-year note.
"You have to understand reinsurance before you go into it," Mr. Caspersen concludes.
The Texans' success in persuading the president suggests that Mexico may get better treatment in the Bush administration than it has in the past.
I don't read much into the market being up on a day like this." Technology stocks were among the strongest, with shares of several companies gaining after product introductions.
The government has ruled out suggestions that all Olympic participants and visitors should be required to take AIDS tests.
And if you make yourself happy and you look happy and you're having a good time, it'll show usually." Commercial success is another question.
Walters then also resigned.
He declined to speculate on how long Eastern could stay alive, but said "the economics are clear."
It recently won a $325 million contract to modernize Canada's air-traffic control system, and is bidding on a $210 million contract to modernize data processing for the Bureau of Land Management.
In Tokyo, the dollar closed at 128.47 Japanese yen, up from 128.30 Tuesday.
The U.S. intelligence study was presented April 13 to the congressional Joint Economic Committee, and a declassified version was released by the panel.
"It's even more difficult to do it on a Europewide basis" because most readers prefer local news written in their language.
Also, Britain's importance in international monetary affairs is proportionally greater than the country's economy because of the concentration of financial markets in London, the officials contend.
Some smaller volume ads also can be completed at the Structural Graphics plant in Essex or another in Dallas.
March and April typically are big months for automakers as Americans prepare for summer vacations and weekend road trips.
Disney himself developed the "audio-animatronic" Lincoln, which premiered at the 1964 New York World's Fair and moved to Disneyland in 1965.
Since television Westerns are now as rare as dragon's teeth it is a pity this one is not better.
He got the money for those and for 30,000 new drug-treatment spaces.
At present, its charge card, corporate card and credit card products are handled in different centres.
Communist officials under pressure to resolve the country's rising economic and political turmoil said Wednesday that a party conference will grapple next week with changes in national leadership.
Why do we stay in the EMS? A. The government says there is no alternative.
"If you look at the composition of the work force, you have to conclude the unemployment rate can go lower now than would have been safe 10 years ago," says George Perry, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
In Brussels, the hope is that the Danes will outline their thoughts at the London summit next month.
Westvaco's shares closed at $29.75, up 87.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.
Public comments on the proposal will be accepted through July 8, and a public hearing will be held July 20.
Marcos Ronquillo, president of the Dallas Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and a lawyer, characterized the firing as premature and said Knight should have considered suspending Moreno or placing him on leave.
And Sen. Tsongas has argued that future crises like the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait should be handled by a United Nations Security Force in which U.S. forces would be only a minority of the participants.
"The IRS is to be complimented for a respectable compromise," says Navin, who also is an official of the Tax Executives Institute, a corporate group.
Just one victim has been found so far.
In the case of Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife, Elena, it seems transparent: Violence begets violence.
And then we read the stories again.
Health officials feared a cholera epidemic as refugees flooded the overcrowded port city.
Zenani Dhlamini, a student at Boston University, is the daughter of Mandela and his current wife, Winnie.
Fifteen banks have been granted foreign exchange licences and a new Export Development Bank has been set up.
Returning to an auditory world allows them to enhance their own imaginations." In Florida, Kids' Choice Broadcasting Network has begun marketing its network of satellite-delivered programs.
Prosperity is threatened by a large foreign debt, U.S. economic pressure and the freezing of Panamanian funds abroad.
Barco's government has refused negotiation.
He told the Lithuanian party chief during the weekend that the independence movement in that former nation had gone too far.
Saudi Arabia maintains the largest share at about a quarter of OPEC's total output.
"I thought they were going to whup me," Chestnut said Tuesday.
The department's corn and soybean production estimates were slightly higher than private analysts and economists had expected.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl favors the two German parliaments making formal statements that recognize Poland's western border, a government spokesman said on Wednesday.
But add that up by 250 million consumers in this country. That is a lot of money." Bush rejected a last-minute appeal Tuesday from senators from textile-producing states to back off his threatened veto.
In secondary markets, fixed-coupon Eurodollar bond issues were marked about a quarter-point higher, as traders responded to higher bids on U.S. Treasury issues, first in Tokyo and later in New York.
Joseph D'Cruz, a business professor at the University of Toronto, said there will be little immediate impact on jobs or trade flows in the first phase.
Gunfire erupted in the city's Bab el-Oued Moslem stronghold last night as police surrounded the area.
We turn the pages to see two drink glasses, each half full, with the American Stars and Stripes and the Soviet Hammer and Sickle decorating the stirrers.
U.S. industrial production surged 0.7 percent in April as a boom in demand for business equipment helped give the country the biggest increase in factory output in six months, the government said Monday.
There is a shortage of clinics, hospitals and classrooms; two years ago, Benitez said, he quit his job teaching high school history because of unruly students.
It emerged from bankruptcy protection and started flying again in 1984 as a low-cost, no-frills carrier.
'If you have a global brand it is still cheaper than most other forms of advertising.' However, most sports do not get on television.
"Basically, like a lot of other people, we were a little freer spending with credit cards than we should have been." Now, saving for retirement and for the four children's educations is a higher priority.
Rep. Stephen Solarz, D-N.Y., has asked the FAA to determine how many machines would be needed for critical airports, how much they will cost and who ought to pay for them.
States should set guidelines for awards in damage suits because juries are blind to the impact their liability judgments have beyond the courtroom, an organization of business executives and educators said today.
They try hard." Mrs. Child and her husband of 41 years, Paul, divide their time between Massachusetts and Montecito, in the Santa Barbara area along the Southern California coast.
Pakistani soldiers set off landslides to block mountain roads and stop Muslim militants from marching into Indian-held Kashmir.
The battle for control of the nation's largest Protestant denomination enters its 11th year Tuesday, with moderates making an "11th hour" bid for the presidency of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The debentures, which were priced at 99.54 to yield 9.17%, are redeemable at the option of the company at any time.
Lawyers for Quigley and Corcoran denied their clients participated.
You have to go to the heart of the problem and close the deficit.' Treasury officials reject the criticism that they are going too slowly.
When it came my turn I bolted and ran.
The obsession, continentals feel, is with 'exit' rather than long-term commitment. On the other hand, the stream of flotations and dividends also promotes a dynamic recycling of wealth.
But in the world of economic policy, a lot depends on how simple ideas are fitted together and where the stress is placed.
Based on the 1933 Warner Bros. movie starring Ruby Keeler, Dick Powell and Ginger Rogers, the show told the tale of a chorus girl replacing an aging star who breaks her ankle just before opening night.
Genentech, based in South San Francisco, Calif., and Genzyme are biotechnology concerns.
If this BBC/A&E adaptation of Durrell's famous memoir has half the charm of the book it will be too good to miss.
But M-19 has been inactive for the last six months.
Although Braniff has run out of cash, it hopes to remain aloft as a smaller airline with hubs in Orlando and Kansas City, Mo., and reduced service to "spoke" cities, Volz said.
His clothes caught the eye of the fussy and discriminating Chambre Syndicale, which in 1988 unanimously elected him a member of the ready-to-wear branch.
Spectators in the courtroom shouted and applauded, and Barrie hugged his lawyers.
The second cause is that calorific intake is too great.
Negotiations between Afghanistan and Pakistan, which were held under U.N. auspices, stalled.
A fire in the mountains increased from 3,000 acres Monday to 4,175 acres after winds fanned flames 200-300 feet high and sent the blaze racing along a mountain ridge into heavy timber.
Several Egyptians in the plush, rose-colored main auditorium watched the actors with seeming interest.
The government recently announced that the two-airline agreement will end and deregulation will begin in 1990.
"The infrequency of the shutdowns and the effective means of reopening quickly will probably keep these measures from making any strategy I know of nonviable," Mr. Wunsch contended.
"This would perhaps speed any tendency toward consolidation in the Southeast and nationwide," said Richard Stillinger, senior vice president of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Insurers raised a constitutional challenge against the provision, saying it could not be applied to insurance policies that were issued before last November without violating contractual rights.
We lived together for five years," Denson said.
The impoverished northeast was once the stronghold of the Communists, who fielded about 12,000 fighters at the peak of power in the late 1970s.
Affiliated's indirect 40% stake in McCaw Cellular would be valued at $25 an Affiliated share.
The ministerial meeting was moved to the NATO headquarters from Denmark because of a political crisis there over nuclear arms policy.
The suspects, arrested Friday, will be charged with murder, the military said.
"That's a very bullish formation," Mr. Rotondo said.
"As commander of the armed forces I exhort every single soldier in a total offensive to destroy the enemy, eliminate him, wipe out his will to fight," Samudio said.
The company was originally part of Reed International, the publishing company, but was sold with Reed's other packaging interests to Reedpack, a buy-out vehicle, in 1988.
Delays in the introduction of Seymour Cray machines aren't unusual.
Race identified the injured officer as Todd Shepard, said he had suffered leg bruises and was being examined at a hospital.
Mr. Rivera adds: "We are now in the process of trying to get to these printing agencies."
In the first quarter, however, such spending rose 25%, to 11.74 billion yuan ($3.16 billion), from the year-earlier period.
Coats' shares slipped 2p to 137p.
The agency, he said, has barred the importation of live cattle from Britain since July 1989.
Stories about heroes were a frequent choice, along with history books.
He was arrested during an unsuccessful 1985 coup led by Gen. Thomas Quiwonkpa but escaped and rejoined other exiles in Ivory Coast.
Temple sued the manufacturer in federal court in Louisiana.
Well, they are and they aren't.
With time running out for legislative action in the election season, the bill's chances of becoming law are cloudy.
He said all of the former leader's foreign bank accounts remain frozen despite a June agreement with the United States to release about $6 million.
The army's supreme commander, Gen.
Mr. Levitt is a professor of business administration at Harvard University's Graduate School of Business Administration and editor of the Harvard Business Review.
"You don't pretend it's an original painting by Zorn; it nevertheless does meet you halfway," Mr. Gardner said.
Phoebe-Putney Memorial Hospital is sponsoring a support group for relatives and offering private counseling.
He figures the stock can keep climbing, and per-share earnings could rise to $2.20 this year.
He said a de facto two-party system had emerged in Russia, the largest of the 15 Soviet republics, following elections in March 1989.
Inside, signs of brutal disruption are all too evident.
For example, the Interior Department said it would cost the government as much as $300 million to buy out MCA's interest in Yosemite.
A significantly weaker pound may be needed to produce the former.
Cut off 6-8 oz and set aside for making the next starter (see below).
Morris said he is willing to renegotiate the rights to Adams' story. "There is a desire on my part to settle this quickly and without acrimony," he said.
In the church meeting, Mr. Probert asks the president of the project's tenants' association, a slim nervous woman, to ask the borough council to kick out the drug dealers.
The ruling will ease Middle South's "financial uncertainty" and will allow the company to borrow at lower interest rates, Middle South said.
The capital gains plan approved Thursday would cut the current maximum rate of 33 percent to 19.6 percent for 27 months. Thereafter, the rate would rise to 28 percent but any gains would be taxed only on the amount exceeding the annual inflation rate.
Customers may be encouraged to switch brands. Missing out on new brands.
'US exports during the past five years are the most frequent target of dumping actions in other countries,' said Congressman Bill Archer a Republican on the ways and means committee.
Lantos appears to lack the support on the panel he would need for such a move.
British-Iranian relations have improved markedly in the past six weeks.
It is in this sense that the UK was seen as uncompetitive at the 1990-92 ERM exchange rate. Uncompetitiveness here means an overvalued exchange rate.
Poindexter would be delayed until at least June 10.
Bond prices finished narrowly mixed Tuesday as the market shrugged off new reports on trade and industrial production and looked toward Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's testimony before Congress.
Curtis Handson, a church maintenance worker in Prairie Village, said he had no idea he had a half brother he had not met.
One of the advantages of the global equity market that has emerged since the liberalisation of exchange controls in the 1980s is that it enables countries to seek international solutions to a wider range of domestic economic problems.
President Bush and Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev signed a trade agreement often called a treaty, though it is not a treaty in the strict sense.
Scattered incidents marred some rallies in recent days.
Judging by the response in previous correspondence with creditors, that would have taken several months. Now they must consider different strategies to recover money.
Mr. Consolini is the company's chief operating officer and an executive vice president; Mr. Pisano is chief financial officer, secretary and an executive vice president.
Schmidt was released in September in what his captors said was a goodwill gesture, but Cordes remains a hostage.
Everybody seems gorgeous here, whether by naturalness or doctorness.
So many night drivers have quit that Ramchand, who normally works days, is driving well into the night to help Express Taxi Service with its driver shortage.
Defense Minister Abdul-Maguid Khalil told reporters that the situation has been brought under control.
At the same time, the board said its monthly survey of help-wanted advertising in newspapers plunged to a five-year low in November, suggesting that the demand for workers has fallen substantially.
Arlo Quint, 12, said he unearthed the Wagner card and three others while digging for worms in his back yard Monday.
"It was time to re-enter Japan."
If it doesn't sell, we trash it.
In the car market, Japan will this year cede to the US its position as the world's biggest producer.
The company says it discovered the fraud and reported it to the Pentagon under procedures established for such cases and therefore should not have been charged in the first place.
The researchers focused on 10 types of personality disorder: _ Paranoid, a tendency to view the actions of others as deliberately demeaning or threatening.
Success for shadowy diplomacy and bargaining.
Clorox Co. will do its first sponsorships in recent times this spring: a magic show as well as a drama with family appeal.
Rathbone watched the fleet of Mercedes drawing up outside Central.
Also, Swiss and Panama branches of Credit Suisse, a Swiss bank, are separately identified as originating some of the transfers.
But it kept falling.
Some have no idea of the degree of care lavished on them.
Steven Axelrod, another New York literary agent, is meeting next week with an investment newsletter writer who has proposed a guide to investing in the stock market.
NASA officials Sunday said they would not set a new launch date until Monday.
According to Antarctic sea charts, plenty of them are on the jagged bottom at Sail Rock near Deception Island, ready to rip through the strongest of hulls like the reinforced one of the Polar Duke, a modern U.S. research ship.
Argyll was off 2 at 371p, Northern lost 3 to 276p.
But there was no corresponding war of words, and Israeli officials stressed they sought to avoid a confrontation with Syria.
But sources said the proposal, which came from a newspaper chain, forced Central to pull back from a plan for a public offering of $700 million of its Class A stock.
But if the ethics committee is serious about this investigation, Mr. Gray has a lurid tale to tell.
For every four drinking drivers who kill themselves, approximately three innocent victims also die.
The official MTI news agency on Tuesday released the message sent to Kadar by the Central Committee, which stripped him of his last official posts on Monday.
In the five years since it was formed, HFL has worked on seven of them.
Duquesne Light Co., shareholder relations department, Pittsburgh, Pa., is paying agent.
Inflation is expected to average nearly 5%, up from 4.3% in 1990, and the average jobless rate is seen climbing to 6.7% from 6.2%.
The gunmen shot him once in the stomach and fled empty-handed.
They have since been returned to the west German authorities.
Like the House, the Senate committee declined to kill any programs, relying instead on across-the-board spending restraint to reach deficit-reduction targets without making those tough choices in an election year.
Police initially treated Mrs. Masegian as a suspect after uncovering a mysterious telephone message she received at the hotel the day before the killing.
If it upsets the gilts market, this will put upward pressure on mortgage rates. In the discount market the Bank of England dispatched a shortage of Pounds 750m without difficulty.
"The market was very thin and chaotic and mostly affected by rumors concerning the Middle East," said a trader at a large Frankfurt bank.
The French battleship Jean D'Arc will sail to the United States and Puerto Rico in 1989, calling in at the ports of Pearl Harbor, San Francisco, New Orleans and Puerto Rico where the ship will be open to the public.
Although the outlook for the oil markets is similar to that of a year ago, one notable difference is OPEC's behavior.
The films may have been shown years ago, but only in bootleg versions, the Burbank, Calif., company said.
Dr. Charles Anthony Hufnagel, a cardiac surgeon who pioneered the artificial heart valve, died on Wednesday at Sibley Memorial Hospital.
As a bonus, the administration's bill would negate the anti-competitive effects of the so-called "exclusivity clause" of the commodities laws.
He was never around." She said her daughters told her in 1987 their uncle had sexually abused them on a visit to their father's.
Wyden and Stenholm illustrate the competing strategies.
He will give negotiators until Jan. 13 to accept or reject it.
Despite the recent controversy, Mr. Garrision is hopeful a successful test will prove a shot in the arm for Morton Thiokol.
Year: 370,571 vs. 378,214, down 3.5 percent.
In the year-earlier quarter, Texas Commerce had a loss of $28.8 million.
"This is going to be one strong baby," she said, gesturing to her belly before getting on a van to transfer onto the plane to the Philippines.
Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, who met Gorbachev on Wednesday, said later he thought Aziz may pass a message to Gorbachev to relay to Bush at the summit.
Mr. Green, now head of Leonard Green & Partners in Los Angeles, said he favored buying companies that aren't subject to cyclical fluctuations, and which have a favorable "price-valuation" relatonship.
That was down from 8.54% late Wednesday.
Now we are seeing it in a western democracy. In London this may seem like pie in the sky.
The scene for "Stranglehold: Delta Force II" called for the French-made Dauphin helicopter to catch fire and it took several moments before the stunned crew on the ground realized the crash was real, said police investigator Jaime Talay.
Members of the Nationalist old guard, in a remarkable reversal of past attitudes, have described Lee's position as too harsh.
Various biological and genetic techniques apply across the fields of pharmaceuticals, seeds and agrochemicals.
Side effects in the study were eliminated by changing dosages, Fernandez said.
Lacayo is Mrs. Chamorro's son-in-law and her private secretary, and is considered the man who wields most power in the government.
"We offered the Soviets visits to either San Diego or Honolulu. It will be San Diego because the Soviets want to visit the U.S. mainland, and they offered us Vladivostok," the Union quoted the official as saying.
"The point is, she received benefits as a basis of being married to this man," said Berion Mouton, Social Security assistant district manager.
Florida's rich citrus growing region reported minor crop damage after the second night of record cold.
The other common types of lens wearer for which companies cater are myopes, who can see well at short distances but poorly from afar, and hyperopes, with the opposite problem.
The U.S. appeared to be in the middle on both counts, IBM told analysts.
"When I saw where my aunt lived _ she had one little room and the use of a kitchen _ I nearly died," she said.
The fire that gutted a small but critical telephone-switching station outside Chicago earlier this month virtually shut down United Stationers Inc., an office-products wholesaler with $730 million in annual sales.
The latest effort is "Jersey City," which opened Wednesday night.
Both moves show Germany's determination to intensify its challenge to London and other European financial centres, a determination shared by legislators as well as market participants.
The officials, all speaking on condition of anonymity, said they had heard unconfirmed reports that the Colombian minister's 3-year-old son, who accompanied her from Bogota, was the target of a death threat.
But not tolerating such a swing would require a big expansion of Europe's economy, so that exports previously aimed at the U.S. could be redirected within Europe.
"Evidence is increasing on the scientific table that change is occurring," said Bob Corell of the National Science Foundation, adding that both natural and human-induced changes could have a broad impact on the future.
Noriega gave the papal nuncio, or representative, a letter for Pope John Paul II, Navarro said, adding he did not know its contents.
Cel-Sci and Alpha 1 are 50-50 partners in a joint venture called Viral Technologies Inc., which devised the vaccine.
He is a senior partner in the London brokerage firm Capel-Cure Myers and deputy chairman of ANZ Merchant Bank Ltd.
But other impediments loomed.
Robert McCormick, deputy assistant secretary of defense for production support, confirmed that the new buy-American rules will go into effect today, but he declined to give details.
Now customer rebates of as much as $1,500 are available on Chrysler's 1991 Jeep Cherokee.
They feel whatever deals we have can go forward." The director general of a manufacturer in Sartov, from which Great Western has ordered tooling and other machinery, indicated "he will be able to deliver and deliver on time," Mr. Walker added.
The collection of letters from John Wayne Gacy, David Berkowitz, Charles Manson and Hitler brought $700.
A constant in the deals was that Milken promised illegal quid pro quos apparently to help clients or Drexel turn a profit.
What is not so well known is a more blatant form. The Japanese government has profited, directly and enormously, from the anomalies in the Japanese securities markets created by the securities firms and banks.
Salomon executives continued to maneuver over the changes yesterday.
A bankruptcy judge refused to approve $3 million the professionals requested, including $1,200-an-hour in-office strategy sessions, a $275 bill for dinner for two and hundreds of thousands of dollars in overhead costs.
In 1985, Illinois was the center of a massive Midwest salmonella outbreak in which more than 16,000 cases were confirmed.
They were not sentimentalists - they never had an 18th century. 'But, they did have an ideology in favour of freedom.
But she says she would never return home despite her ordeal at sea and the Thai government's refusal to allow the boat people to resettle in the West.
For Manuel Feliu, president of the Confederacion de Produccion y del Comercio, the first boom engineered by the Chicago Boys was an exercise in backward development.
The food service and lodging products division is "flop and slop."
The odds have shifted in a few other tight races.
But the energy firm said proceeds will be used to retire existing debt, not finance takeovers.
Possibly offsetting that, Columbia recently estimated it has unrealized gains on publicly traded equity investments of more than $70 million.
The Kremlin's television statement accused the Lithuanian leadership of planning to turn over national factories to private owners, bring in a separate currency and put up customs posts on the borders of the republic.
Kitty Hawk was hardest hit, with $2 million in damages reported by Friday night, said Dare County civil defense officials.
It is important to send a signal to them that we are cooperating."
Dealers attributed the higher stock market start to dollar selling on a news report that Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party might lose an election for the powerful lower house of Parliament early next year.
Ferguson sought to reassure investors and customers after the double-dose of negative news by issuing a statement promising, "Our business and that of our constituent institutions is sound.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission announcing the proxy contest, the dissident group indicated disastifaction with the board's decision to reject a recent financial restructuring plan it had proposed.
"That they've had a wonderful meal and a stimulating conversation," Haimovitz replied.
Under current troop-stationing agreements with East Germany, the Soviet Union buys East German marks in exchange for so-called transfer rubles at a preferential rate.
And after a blast of unseasonably cold weather, the hard edges of ice sculptures decorating Boston as part of its 14th annual First Night festivities got rounded off Sunday under an untimely drizzle.
"You'll see more and more of this," predicted Gail Arch, professor of international management at the University of Houston.
The soft-spoken, 58-year-old Mr. Gerber caught many in Swiss business circles off guard with the hostile offer.
Average household income of buyers is $200,000-plus and average age is 43.5 years.
The two firms shook hands on the merger at 3 a.m.
The Operan, to use its Swedish name, opened last month with three song-and-dance evenings targeted at a local public.
Other grain and soybean futures also ended lower.
This seems to me desperately stupid and short-sighted,' she says. From the banks' point of view, Bridgewater's experience would suggest missed opportunities.
'We are not going away until that number is achieved,' says Mr Andrew Procassini, president of the Semiconductor Industry Association, the US industry trade group.
But people familiar with the firm say that Prudential has hired more than 200 brokers from Shearson since the beginning of 1990.
Ellis, 67, died Friday following hospitalization for a stroke and intestinal surgery.
The plane landed near Managua to refuel earlier in the day, where the residents had fought with police, Munoz said.
That should continue to support the U.S. currency.
"We're going to have to carry the bulk of this, we and the local communities," he said.
GM's Pontiac Division now markets Daewoo's LeMans in the United States, and Ford sells Kia's Festiva.
In recent weeks, the company has taken out full-page newspaper advertisements nationwide to say that it has a long-standing reputation for business integrity.
Republicans _ Grandy, N; Leach, N; Lightfoot, N; Tauke, N.
You don't have to send teams out to every agency.
It worried him that it was an agricultural school "with cows right on campus," but he soon found it a more diverse barnyard: The first people he met were involved in the Las Cruces Community Theater.
The current pact expires Sept. 14.
The formula is based primarily on Chase's cost of hedging its exposure in the futures market.
Researchers in Atlanta said that a common, non-surgical procedure for opening clogged or narrowed arteries leading to the heart has produced encouraging results.
Working capital is being enhanced by what Mr. Marsh calls a "disciplined, scientific cost-reduction process" that already has found at least $13 million in savings through manufacturing and other efficiencies.
Cope said Danny Selznick, son of the film's producer, David O. Selznick, plans an appearance.
The three are charged with illegally entering Liberia in July with the intent of staging a coup and killing Doe.
The company expects to report results for the quarter in the next few weeks.
There was no immediate comment from government officials on whether Finland's ambassador would be recalled.
Unfortunately, I also have to admit that the study of catalogs has raised for me as many important questions as it has answered.
On Sunday and Monday, banks will distribute marks to East Germans.
In the past, Glemp has used the feast day sermon as an occasion to deliver major Polish church policy statements.
But that is where optimism about the new law within Egypt's nascent financial services industry largely ends. 'In comparison to what we had, it's a huge leap forward,' says Mr Ahmed Foda, managing director of Investments & Securities Group in Cairo.
Entenmann's, a subsidiary of General Foods Corp., White Plains, N.Y., declines to comment on the matter.
They said a guard at the general command was wounded in the hand.
The case was expanded to a class action covering 268 people arrested during the past three years.
He called that a record for the software industry.
Rafsanjani has been seeking to reestablish ties with the West and attract investment and technology to revive Iran's sluggish economy.
The class system, that mysterious code the British like to believe is uniquely their own, has suffered a double blow in recent days.
On Monday, Kodak's bond rating was downgraded by Moody's Investor's Service from A2 to Aa2 largely because of the impending $5.1 billion loan the company is going to have to take on to pay for Sterling.
In Gaza, Palestinians met with lawmakers from the left-leaning Labor Party and the leftist Citizen's Rights Movement.
The idea to fast 24 hours in support of the hostages was conceived by Buffalo Area Metropolitan Ministries and was adopted enthusiastically by Peggy Say, Anderson's sister and the leader of efforts to free the hostages.
Announcing a further crackdown on asbestos, the Environmental Protection Agency said it sued 34 companies and individuals found to have violated federal rules governing removal of the cancer-causing substance.
In Cananea, a town of 25,000 people today, a local junior high school is named "The Martyrs of 1906" and two monuments stand in memory of those who died.
The speech, delivered three days before the 19th anniversary of the coup that brought him to power, was addressed to a convention of revolutionary committee members.
The various changes left total consumer debt at a seasonally adjusted $692.77 billion in March.
Sheets recalled that Hurricane Fifi, a 1974 storm that struck Honduras, killed 8,000 people.
But the separatist option is Mr. Parizeau's biggest hurdle.
The appellate court is made up solely of judges.
Penhaligon's perfumes come in glass-stoppered bottles with an unusual shape.
It affects an estimated 10 million American men, for many of whom it is a painful secret.
All but one of those charged in that case have been convicted, the U.S. attorney said.
The ones who have escaped _ they are a special chapter, the lost possibilities." Of the remaining war criminals, he said: "They are getting old. This is my daily problem.
It took several moments to deconstruct this. It seems that News At Ten now specialises in the 'sandwich', a conventional film report served up to the consumer between a studio intro and a live two-way interview involving anchorman and reporter.
That gives Mr Smith Pounds 28bn to play with.
"This is the only man who is making the right enemies."
Semicon Inc. said it expects to report a fiscal second-quarter net loss.
It was added to a bill requiring large companies to offer at least 10 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave to employees with medical crises or new babies.
Employees said other attractions would be based on the Muppet characters, which Disney bought the rights to last year, and the Roger Rabbit cartoon character.
His first desire was to fight Hitler.
So when party leader Neil Kinnock spoke of the need for realism, he meant recognizing the irrevocable change wrought by nearly 10 years of Mrs. Thatcher's rigorous brand of conservatism.
Meanwhile, the FDA conducted tests on the different fruits to identify the detectable damage caused by cyanide injections, so inspectors would know what to look for.
To make matters worse, fill dirt was used atop the clay seam.
Also, call at 105 from year one, declining one percentage point a year to par, but only if share price is 130% of conversion price.
At Dec. 31, Citicorp Savings had assets of $4.98 billion and regulatory net worth of $907.3 million, according to federal reports.
Health Minister Ehud Olmert indicated Israel wants to expel more Arabs but is sensitive to U.S. criticism.
Some imports could not be displaced because of quality factors, so the maximum scope for expanding sales would be about 3m tonnes. Production from up to 10 pits being leased out could be more than 3m tonnes a year, he said.
"I love rock and roll," Mrs. Gore told reporters after her speech. "I grew up on it." A seven-officer Marine Corps jury Friday acquitted Marine Cpl.
Why should founding an electronics company be harder the second time around?
These streets, lined with dilapidated shacks, are teeming with tension.
When the narrow-bodied 168-passenger Airbus A320 went into service last month, it was touted for its computerized flight-control system and fuel efficiency.
The panel fashions the Justice Department's money bill.
The government wants to move Lawaiicamp residents to Sandkraal, about a mile further from George, which was established four years ago to be the area's official black township.
But, they add, more investors are likely to put their money on its only publicly traded rival, BCE Mobile.
'Fear not, little one' the wizard replied. 'Nothing can destroy that which has been forged by the Master.
A high-level PLO delegation met today in the Egyptian port city of Alexandria with President Hosni Mubarak, the state-run Middle East News Agency said.
In the first quarter of 1987, 72 soldiers and policemen and 70 rebels were killed in gun battles.
Last year, Japanese inflation was about 3 percent, but fully half of the increase was attributed to a 3 percent sales tax imposed in April.
Farmers, a Los Angeles-based insurer, said it will appeal to Arizona state court.
And I wish him now Godspeed.
Charles Trombly, recorder for the court, said the figures are not broken down into specific categories.
The Kremlin has imposed sanctions against the republic in an effort to end the independence drive.
Other key issues, he says, will include details of how the single market will work, environmental, consumer and social issues and the EEC's relationship with the rest of the world.
Assistant Secretary of State Richard W. Murphy, who was heading toward the Middle East, already was scheduled for talks in Egypt, Israel, Jordan and Syria.
Hau is among the Nationalist conservatives who still dream of returning to China to overthrow the Communists, and he may be expected to take a fairly hard-line stance on relations with Beijing.
Elsewhere in Yellowstone, wind pushed the North Fork fire to cover about 74,000 acres, a growth of 5,000 acres from reports Thursday.
Faculty members say the focus is on the big picture, like ethics questions in the marketplace, not table manners.
But National Power is sticking to its target of reducing dividend cover from 3.3 times to 2.5 times by 1995. Working capital is being released as surplus coal stocks are run down, so there is hardly a shortage of cash.
Gum produces significant brain effects only after about 15 minutes of chewing.
We soon will know.
Many students considered quitting the program, but just one has.
Manila stocks sagged after four sessions of advances. Strong gains in Wellington were led partly by foreign buying.
Feed costs are one of the shrimp farmer's biggest costs.
"It puts them (the inmates) in a Christmas spirit because it gives them an opportunity to help people who are more disadvantaged than themselves," Trott said.
For example, Ford chose deep metallic colors and whites and made a five-speed transmission standard.
He then called out: "Where is Mike?" A newspaper reported today that Palestinian guerrilla groups have agreed to set up an independent state on land occupied by Israel.
Group pretax profit for 1991 fell 19% from a year earlier to 63.59 billion yen ($490 million).
The embassy was deluged with phone calls from Chinese expressing their indignation.
Eighteen people die, including four gunmen, and 121 are wounded.
Ms. Hoffman said liturgical abuses still occur in the archdiocese and cited Hunthausen washing a woman's feet last month in a Holy Week ritual.
The U.S. company which sold the agents believed they would be used for vaccinations, said the official.
WPP's Lord Geller unit was hit by more resignations as the ad agency neared collapse.
Resellers are good at selling computer systems to traditional technical markets, but lack extensive experience and a broad clientele among businesses.
He is now examining the satanism scare and suspects it may be a similar phenomenon.
More talks are scheduled between U.S. and European officials on this point, but some directives have already been adopted.
It will widen access to justice.
Two-year-old Lacy, wearing nothing but one of her brothers' T-shirts, was racing bare-bottomed across the linoleum behind a hyperactive terrier mutt named Pee Wee.
He succeeds Gordon E. Heffern, 63, who is retiring.
Mr. Haussmann said he had reached agreement with EC officials that in the current first phase of German unification, the EC wouldn't have any powers to veto or limit aspects of continuing negotiations between the two countries.
A poll of more than 1,000 top executives indicated their confidence in the U.S. economy is recovering in the aftermath of the stock market's collapse six months ago.
Brian J. Luedtke, a technical analyst at Piper, Jaffray & Hopwood, Minneapolis, said he believes investors need further evidence about the economy's direction before the market will be able to escape from its recent malaise.
As in most of the preceding primaries, Mr. Jackson won the support of about nine in 10 black voters.
The Peoria portion is tentatively scheduled to coincide with Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev's visit to the United States this spring.
Site Two is the largest border refugee camp, housing 162,000 Cambodians who fled economic hardship and a guerrilla war against occupying Vietnamese troops.
Also, the reforms allow the Big Board to halt trading for one hour if the Dow Jones Industrial Average falls 250 points, and for two more hours if the Dow slides an additional 150 points on the same day.
Many of these graduates, like me, are going to have to continue to work when their children are born and when they are young.
Banks and factories were closed Wednesday for a national holiday, but sympathy strikes continued.
When the joint venture was established in 1989, the companies said they planned to invest $1.1 billion over the 1989-94 period.
"If it holds through the night, we'll consider releasing some people tomorrow," said Iverson, planning chief for the 2,788-member firefighting force. "We're looking forward to another inversion layer Wednesday.
Similarly, Robert Prechter, the most celebrated of the current crop of stockmarket gurus, was telling his telephone call-in clients late Friday that the selling spree is grossly overdone.
The incident was filmed by a U.S. television crew.
"It's great to be back," he shouted over the wild applause and standing ovation that embraced him at the final curtain.
Previn, who became music director in 1986, clashed with Fleischmann over guest conductors on recordings, how Previn edited musical works _ even cutbacks on office supplies and coffee.
"Cellulite is not a medical term, it's a marketing concept," says Sheryl Clark, a dermatologist at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.
Management took this as a reason to subject the alliance and cooperation policies of the Austrian Airlines Aviation Group to a profound analysis and a new definition.
Greyhound, a food and consumer products company that produces about 1,000 buses a year for intercity use, said it expects the transaction to be completed in July.
Burundi is mostly rural and people reside in such communes. "It's mostly hillsides covered with houses," the diplomat said of the area.
Chamorro's opposition coalition trounced the Sandinistas, in large part because of dissatisfaction with high inflation and unemployment.
Right now we subsidise many items, for example refrigerators and televisions, by allowing them to be imported at the official rate of exchange.
The reason lies in political machines like the one that rules the vast garbage dumps on the outskirts of Mexico City.
But Michael J. Faust, foreign exchange analyst at MMS International, said although the rumors were widespread, concern about the German central bank or the Fed intervening to buy dollars was misplaced.
I don't think it makes a lot of sense in the U.S.," says Bruce Crawford, chairman.
"The way I read it, it's an attempt to show the lengths that the art community will go to thumb their noses at government grants," said Jack Morrissey, an associate editor at Universal Press Syndicate.
Mercedes Reyes, the plantation superintendent, said the Haitians might be thieves or drug runners and would be turned over to the police.
"Separating the seating doesn't separate the air we breath."
Michel and Rep. Bill Thomas, R-Calif., said in a joint letter to Foley.
'But, when truckloads of troops stormed in from the front, then you'd have 40 or 50 men each.
The bonds were priced at 101 1/8 to yield 8.44% less full fees.
Kroger ads used to feature videos only once every six weeks; now videos appear in each weekly circular.
"I have an auntie and two uncles in California," he said. "Also, an auntie in New Mexico.
But Concorde still attracts its regular fliers, of whom some travel every week, and those individuals who are willing to pay the supersonic premium to arrive fresh. In addition, Concorde continues to attract a busy charter business.
Giroldi's widow did not attend his burial Monday.
So far, his aides have been broadcasting news to ham radio operators on a make-shift short wave transmitter installed in the sixth floor of the Russian Parliament.
Questioned about its security efforts, Brown Brothers said it plans a variety of steps, including checking people for identification in its lobby.
No new date has been set for the distribution.
In the first nine months, Frozen Food reduced long-term debt to $8.8 million from $19.2 million.
William Barnett, managing partner for Pennzoil's law firm, Baker & Botts, told The Associated Press none of the attorneys working on the case were aware of the payment.
Certainly, some additional regulation of the markets is likely to emerge from the events of October.
Earlier in Hong Kong, gold closed at $438.75, up from $438.21.
The 50-minute flights from Bangkok usually are packed with foreign tourists heading to the beaches of the island on the Gulf of Thailand, 300 miles south of Bangkok.
And Freeman stayed in the business until an eye ailment forced his retirement a few months ago.
If the test of bureaucracy is distance from the profit motive, the military forces qualify.
A group of gay guests, he says, raises the danger "of threatening order" at the facility by causing other guests too much anxiety.
Bennett's presence in the Charlestown court had been waived because of the publicity surrounding his arrest.
And there are other indications the People's Front has little control over more radical elements pressing for reunification.
Once we are aware of the problem it will be dealt with efficiently,' says Mr Mallin.
But because of the continuing decline in the size of the youth population, the actual number of young workers in the labor force has fallen by 270,000 in the past year to 25.3 million, the department said.
The Bryans control 71% of Media General's Class B shares, which elect a majority of directors.
He said a faulty air supply system caused Small's death.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrial stocks, wobbly after a big weekly loss, was down 11.28 points to 2,002.65 as of noon EDT.
'We are not a fortress,' he says.
The design shows a big-beaked bird preening in a renaissance costume; an archaeologist named Dr. Digwell excavating pots; and the dressed-up alligator pushing a carriage shaped like an egg with legs.
Preferred creditors are thought to be owed about Pounds 800,000, and unsecured creditors a similar amount.
Oddly, the computer-aided group didn't recognize that using the programs led to poor decisions.
Regional companies have been cutting too but less savagely, they argue, because they had less fat.
Both sides fear a wave of vendettas if families seek the return of seized farms or revenge for those slain in the fighting.
Others believe that Aids has thrust death into the limelight. It is only recently that we've become squeamish about death.
The UAW aired radio commercials Tuesday echoing its theme that the fast work pace at Nissan has increased injuries.
The civil war began 10 years ago when a communist coup brought to power a government friendly to the Soviet Union.
Insurgents overran seven Afghan army posts in Logar province in the first week of April and, on Monday, a 450-unit Soviet convoy including more than 100 armored vehicles headed south toward the province from Kabul, the diplomats reported.
"They're trying to cover-up their own guilt by blaming the victim," said Loren Siegel of the American Civil Liberties Union.
But what about the lawmakers?
The study analyzed data from an FCC survey of 8,720 U.S. radio and television stations, about 79 percent of the total.
The Club of Rome, best known for its first report warning of the dangers unlimited growth pose to the planet, is bringing together thinkers and world leaders this week to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
The nation's largest oil company fired the tanker's skipper after saying tests showed he was legally drunk but faced a torrent of criticism for its slow reaction to the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
Each disk array is now tested for up to 24 days. While IBM remains a fierce rival, with 52 per cent of the mainframe storage market, other large computer concerns buy in products from EMC.
"If they bring large formations, air defense systems are part of these formations," he said, and Israel would fear that Syrian missiles could interfere with its aerial surveillance.
Cominco Ltd., one of the world's largest producers of zinc and lead, said it is reducing zinc output 25% at its smelter in Trail, British Columbia, for 10 weeks of maintenance work.
And in one way or another since then, MacNutt has been fighting for the right to bear arms.
That would be the worst thing we could do," Bush said.
'I found the commission in good shape and I hope I am leaving it in good shape,' he says.
It wasn't until he returned from playing racquetball at 6:30 p.m. EST that Bush learned his nemesis had agreed to leave the Vatican's Panama City embassy and surrender, aides said.
"Sometimes it invents its own interpretations of very small changes in the numbers," he said.
The goal of brain surgery is to replace the damaged tissue so the brain will make its own dopamine again.
Internal Justice Department documents show that the report, among other things, focused on "narcotic activity involving military authorities" in Panama and a purported plot by U.S. agents more than a decade ago to assassinate Gen.
The user also must pay any long-distance charges accrued while connecting with US West computers.
Under the 1989 law, which San Francisco Municipal Court began enforcing Tuesday, anyone convicted of prostitution or solicitation must be tested for the HIV virus and receive counseling.
Trading was moderate on the eve of a long holiday weekend.
In the six months ended March 31, the company produced a 40 percent year-to-year gain in net profit to $9.8 million, or 15 cents a share, on an 8 percent gain in revenue to $197 million.
That the chancellor announces something which has long been known is barely worth reporting.
The list of rumored suitors includes American Home Products, Schering-Plough and Britain's Glaxo Holdings.
Whitney Partners Chairman Gary Goldstein will head the new firm, called AFGL International. Paul Lucy, Albert Frank-Guenther's chief executive, will assume an unspecified "senior management position" at Foote Cone.
The schedule includes seven shuttle launches in 1991, eight in 1992 and 12 in 1993.
Overall, "Canadian companies will be in the red and U.S. companies are approaching the red," said Sherman Chao, an analyst at Salomon Brothers.
The last launch of a Titan 34D was from Florida on Sept. 2, but sources told The Associated Press it failed to orbit its payload because the rocket's third stage failed to reignite.
The June contract of the long gilt future on Liffe traded between 108 21/32 and 107 5/8 during the day.
This was triggered by the savings-and-loan crisis and growing investor fears about money center banks, as many banks pulled back from issuing higher and higher interest rates.
Although relaxations in rules are on the way, at present societies cannot lend for business purposes. This can lead to difficult decisions in dealing with sole traders.
'Go there', 'Try that', 'You will never finish what's on your plate there'.
A court in Sweden convicted Carl Gustav Christer Pettersson of murdering Prime Minister Olof Palme in Stockholm in February 1986.
The picture is especially vague about whether or how Ms. Hearst was brainwashed.
Chrysler said its smallest increase of $60 comes on the Dodge Daytona, which started at $9,745, and on most Chrysler LeBaron models.
"This confirms our suspicions that small investors were and remain the invisible victims of the Oct. 19 stock market crash," said John Baldwin, the new president of the NASAA, the national organization for state securities regulators.
Exchange-rate uncertainties and signs of an inflationary buildup in West Germany's brisk economy have fueled speculation of an impending hike in official West German interest rates.
But some industry executives were critical of Mr. Johnston's handling of the situation.
The Sinhalese front, outlawed after a failed 1971 coup, contends that the pact makes too many concessions to the Tamils and has vowed to block it.
Despite heavy publicity about Pauley's reported unhappiness, Scott said, "I would have bet the family farm that she never was going to leave.
"We contacted all the large shareholders and said we'd like to call on them.
Continuing revenue shortages forced a cut in 1989 expenditures from $99.3 million to $92.3 million.
Last week, when some arbitragers sensed trouble ahead and began unloading, Kellner DiLeo continued to buy some stocks and only began selling on Friday.
He has said Ronald Reagan's idea of a good farm program is "Hee-Haw."
Republican George Bush said today he is unperturbed by polls that give likely Democratic nominee Michael Dukakis a double-digit lead, adding that "I like fighting back."
Increased unemployment in southern China and news of Hong Kong's huge infrastructural plans have contributed to the influx of illegal immigrants, says Ian Strachan, deputy secretary for security.
"If the diplomatic situation changes, of course we plan to operate into the mainland," says Eddie Chen, Foshing's deputy vice president.
But she said she might lead a seminar or deliver an occasional lecture.
The new shares will be issued at DM80 a share. The issue is underwritten by a banking consortium led by Deutsche Bank, which owns a 41 per cent share in the company.
"The harsh reality is that the country is still mired in recession," he said.
In it's editorial, the Daily Mirror said: "The Yorkshire Ripper has claimed his 14th victim _ justice." The Daily Express said the award made "a mockery not only of the libel laws but of the system of justice itself." "Mrs.
June 27 _ Bush calls for a constitutional amendment to bypass the Supreme Court ruling, saying "I will uphold our precious right to dissent, but burning the flag goes too far."
Schwerner and Goodman, white civil rights volunteers from New York, and Chaney _ a black civil rights worker from nearby Meridian _ were killed while working on a voter registration drive.
Some date back decades, including the wishbone from the eagle, which was handed down from a friend's grandfather.
The largest auto maker announced it would idle 3,700 workers by closing indefinitely its Framingham, Mass., assembly plant.
Antar's lawyers said he needed a 24-hour extension for personal reasons.
All appear to share one conviction: War or no war, there is no future in Nicaragua.
Pop star Belinda Carlisle has withdrawn from appearing at the Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo, saying livestock at such events are mistreated.
After the car turns a year old, Turtle Wax Inc. recommends, a regular wax containing cleaners can be used.
We share the concern of many national leaders that the abortion debate keeps us from moving on to other pressing issues.
If convicted, Turner could face a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of six counts.
Mr. Newman first started the business by making salad dressing in the basement of his Westport, Conn., home. The line later expanded to include spaghetti sauce, popcorn and lemonade.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 27,769.40 points, up 162.07 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Thursday.
It said the money will go toward a variety of projects, including transmission and distribution facilities.
Terry Koonce, a top Exxon executive, recalls his first helicopter flight over the shoreline: "I said, 'Gee, is that not oil down there?'"
Such an increase could send German stocks sharply lower.
But other examples of the 'belt and braces' approach persist.
There was massive mushrooms and flames shooting into the air.
"I don't have any way to confirm that it's a 100 per cent withdrawal but I think the evidence is that it has been a general withdrawal back across the river," he said.
The delay from the original July announcement date contributed to a 30 percent drop in the computer giant's third-quarter earnings.
Gold futures rose moderately on New York's Commodity Exchange, following crude oil, but silver futures finished narrowly mixed.
It ended at 370p, up 2 on the day. Nervousness ahead of today's half-time results held back Boots.
The company also has been pushing foreign sales of its U.S. military aircraft.
He added, however, that Reagan has not made final decisions.
"The consequences for Hong Kong are appalling," said Wilson. "Our resources have been overwhelmed." Wilson disputed assertions that mandatory repatriation was inhumane.
Rite Aid recently expanded with the acquisition of stores from Kroger Co.'s SupeRx division and Sherwin-Williams's Gray Drug Fair unit for about $110 million.
The first two acts strike me as among his very finest work.
"I want to drop as much money into that mall as possible." Marketers around the country, in fact, are beginning to capitalize on a renewed cultural pride among blacks.
Yeah, I know, the thing is commercial, but you gotta admit it's cute.
Mr. Riethmiller woos both ear and eye.
The company already has cut its workforce from a high of 18,000 employees several years ago to 11,710. A company spokesman said more reductions cannot be ruled out, although there are no such immediate plans.
The plan's Jewish state would have been much smaller than the Israel that emerged from the 1948-49 Independence War.
In Sofia, the United Democratic Forces won 18 of 26 available seats in the first round of elections.
Israel's Supreme Court, after clearing John Demjanjuk of being Nazi killer 'Ivan the Terrible', blocked his deportation to Ukraine while it considered whether he should be tried for other alleged war crimes.
Operating a fleet of four such vehicles, the study says, would bring down the cost of putting a satellite into low Earth orbit from $10,803 a pound to $440. The study estimated that building a prototype of the SSX would be $1.6 billion.
He turned them both down and, with a partner, started a public-relations firm that isn't likely to ever pay him $137,000 a year.
Citing security precautions, Defense Department officials have gone to great lengths to conceal the exact location of the approximately 230,000 U.S. troops stationed in and around Saudi Arabia.
While neither product contains minoxidil, it's still "possible" that potential customers may confuse these products with Rogaine, Upjohn's Mr. Hoff said.
An odd invitation to take Marianne Moore to the circus, for instance, recalls Efforts of Affection, where the two poets feed performing elephants brown bread.
'Within 10-20 years, Korea and Taiwan will catch up,' admits Mr Hiroshi Maeda, managing director of Toray.
Kennedy proposed a big tax cut in 1962.
One arms industry analyst downplayed the value of such a weapon to the military or police, saying there are plenty of other semiautomatic weapons available to them.
He spent most of the early part of his career in a variety of engineering and management positions with General Electric Co.'s aircraft-engine businesses.
But Upton noted that the studies were not conclusive and said other studies have reported different estimates of the dangers radiation poses.
Architecture is, at its best, like any other fine art, concerned with the place of mankind in the world and of the world in the universe.
Paul Feldman, professor of physics and astronomy at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, called the proposal intriguing.
A thousand little dramas are played out every day in each of our restaurants.' Hostility, he insists, is often the result of ignorance.
And it ought to make an official unpopular.
The data are based on cost of living indices, excluding the oil tax rise at the beginning of the year.
Suddenly, Gephardt became an obvious choice.
I just had to raise my hand when they asked, 'Does anyone here know anything about computers?'"
Indeed, the Census Bureau reports that nearly 6,000 Americans turn 65 every day.
That alone is a fairly tall order, however.
Also, the judges on Saturday night asked an unrehearsed question of each of the top 10 finalists during the evening gown competition.
The latest round in the conflict broke out in March when Christian army commander, Gen.
To help keep the factory secret, Tanaka contends, the Japanese government erased the island from maps in 1939.
Boyages took over as head coach at Bates in 1988 at the youthful age of 25. The Bates home games at Alumni Gymnasium are hard on visitors, Boyages said.
Taconite is a flint-like rock containing a low-grade iron ore that is extracted and converted into pellets. The pellets are then shipped to steel plants for smelting.
The relaxation on foreign borrowings in Australia is also subject to certain "operational requirements," Mr. Keating said.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday MGM/UA shares fell $1 to $20.
Their buy suggestions for the second half are about double their sell suggestions.
Dixons Group (Capital) PLC, also got strong response to its debut issue in the international capital markets.
What value does it have for Mr. Harwood not to have access to IL-2? Many very dedicated cancer researchers have suggested that the process of drug approval is much too slow and much too expensive to be truly responsive to the needs of cancer patients.
Tenneco said the two companies would share equally in an about $40 million initial investment for the venture and would be equal partners.
Mr. Kennan's advocacy of containment was inappropriate 40 years ago, though its application today can be rewarding in denying the Soviets the ability to intimidate the West and obtain support for a crumbling social and economic system.
"You can't communicate with your friends and tell them how you feel inside a box," Munson said.
Brazil drew down $4 billion of $5.2 billion in a new-loan facility from commercial banks, Brazil's Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega and William R. Rhodes, chairman of the Bank Advisory Committee for Brazil, said.
Medicins Sans Frontieres, which means "doctors without borders," has sent medical personnel to crisis areas around the world.
Pan Am spokeswoman Pamela Hanlon said that while the proposal to remove Plaskett "has not been forthcoming from Mr. Icahn, Mr. Plaskett will do whatever is in the best interest of Pan Am and its shareholders."
The Philippines, seeded 29th but now in sixth place, continued their remarkable run Saturday by going 1.5-0.5 ahead against China with two games adjourned.
Traders say the stock has been hit by worries that the company might cut its dividend.
Santa Fe Southern hasn't made any public statement reacting to the Henley interest.
A coast guard helicopter plucked four men from the sea, two crewmen from the Majestic and two from the Mystic who had dived in to try to help their friends.
Five minutes later his tutor was able to assure me that the sixth-former in question would be reading English at Cambridge. That academic intensity will deter some parents, and attract many.
Breakwater Resources Ltd. said it plans to issue $31 million (Canadian) of 5.375% convertible bonds, denominated in Swiss francs, on the Eurobond market.
Under rules set by the government, reconstruction must follow the style and outline of the old buildings.
"When I saw him for the first time, I just couldn't believe how big he was," Nugent, an avid hunter, said recently.
When the stores get the planning diagrams, merchandise schedules and props from corporate headquarters, they make adjustments for their individuals stores and begin the physical transition about two months before Thanksgiving.
Noriega's attorney Frank Rubino said he no longer had any objection to CNN's use of the tapes.
But it is evident he is the principal political and military strategist of the group.
Only if we adopt a very low level indeed.
"There is no way that my peace plan will be valid unless the PLO looks at it and agrees on it," he said.
The two first met in Poland in 1981, during Solidarity's first brief 16-month legal existence that preceded a martial-law crackdown.
Intel attributed the earnings rebound in part to strong demand for parts from personal computer makers.
Mr Molyneaux, briefed in advance of the revelation, appeared ready to reserve judgment. But trust - or rather the absence of it - has always been the deciding factor in efforts to restore peace to Northern Ireland.
Namibia has been ruled by South Africa since World War I, when the League of Nations gave it a mandate to administer the territory.
Barry has survived embarrassments involving other women and his frequent absenses from the city.
The Rev. Jonathan Hamlin, 24, was charged with murder after he showed up at the sheriff's office with his attorneys Monday afternoon, Barrett said.
The following morning German interest rates were cut by a grudging quarter of a percentage point and Britain's Tory tabloids took up the theme.
The trial lasted six weeks.
The fire Thursday night caused an estimated $1.2 million damage to the eight-story downtown building, officials said.
The influential Keidanren business lobby singled out the U.S. and European Community, and urged world trade regulators to tighten controls on any anti-competitive abuses.
Starting late next year, it aims to set up a demonstration of interactive multimedia and by early 1995 to create an interactive multimedia service available throughout the US.
Ronstadt agreed to do the benefit concerts if the police promoted them.
"We're all walking around with loaded weapons right now and if the need comes to use them we won't hesitate," said Sgt. Richard Hall, 27, of Jacksonville, N.C.
Japanese officials urged the U.S. to help narrow international trade imbalances by curbing excessive consumer demand and expanding production capacity.
But that's still a paltry return on sales of $2.65 billion, and the increase compared with weak profits of $3.6 million in 1989.
Turki al-Nefie, commanding the Saudis' 20th Mechanized Brigade from a sandbagged bunker.
Those employees are likely to mention Bell Atlantic if attendees ask for references, a company spokeswoman concedes.
"What worries forest products companies most is that what happened there will happen in other parts of the country for other species," he says.
Each rise in interest rates pushes up the cost of servicing the government's mammoth debt.
Hospital officials in Jabaliya said a woman was wounded by gunfire and 20 Arabs were treated for injuries caused by beatings or tear gas.
While the dollar's recent gains helped buoy the bond market, the dollar has been helped by the rise in short-term rates.
"It's an inconvenience, not a large monetary or data loss," says Bill Vance, director of secure systems for IBM.
From smart shops in Tokyo to the White House dinner table, water from the mineral springs of Appalachia suddenly has cachet, and West Virginia bottlers are helping quench the thirst of the health-conscious.
The bill unveiled Thursday requires the whipping post in addition to jail time for anyone convicted of dealing hard drugs or involving children in the drug world.
Burke has become acting administrator since the retirement of former Administrator John C. Lawn.
It also rejected U.S. charges that police used excessive force.
But he says the United States and the allies should go slow in making deals with Moscow.
Ruderman's ruse was the tip of a still-widening probe of illegal trading in which various brokers, printers and others paid for the "Inside Wall Street" column the day before its publication.
You can't have people losing their jobs.
The acquisition will help strengthen Mead's computerized legal-information business, Mr. Roberts said, but amortization of the difference between purchase price and book value is reducing 1989 profit.
The purpose of weapons control has not changed over the centuries.
Its lower fares are attractive to illegal aliens.
In the early 1980s, Ford reached a $23 million EEOC settlement and GM a $44.5 million settlement, both for discrimination against women and minorities.
India needs an infusion of at least Dollars 10bn a year for 10 years.
Worst hit, said shadow social security secretary Michael Meacher, were those not eligible for the full Pounds 140 poll tax deduction because they already received rebates.
Earlier this year, Fisher said in SEC filings that it sought, among other things, reorganizational changes at NBI, a computer systems maker.
It will add production facilities for personal computers, facsimile machines, colour display tubes and semiconductors.
And James B. Beam Distilling markets bourbon with lemonade, plus soda water and fruit-flavored schnapps.
But the result can be shoddier merchandise.
Lawyers also say Mr. Milken's attorneys could ask Judge Wood to reopen a presentencing hearing held last fall to allow the government to present additional allegations against Mr. Milken for consideration by the judge in determining his sentence.
BRITAIN'S BIGGEST thread maker is to be created by the merger of Coats Viyella's J&P Coats division with English Sewing, which CV acquired last May, when it bought Tootal after a bitter takeover battle.
That 51% majority for sharp restrictions dropped by three points in a post Webster survey of the same respondents a month later, creating a 48-48 split between those who favored the status quo and those who favored restrictions.
The highlight of the three-day event here was revivals of "The Boys From Syracuse" and "Broadway."
Previously, that compliance was only a recommendation, not a requirement.
Anti-BGH groups are vowing to step up campaigns elsewhere.
While Cable & Wireless hadn't forecast its vote, most London analysts were expecting it to side with Millicom.
A year earlier, California REIT earned $4.6 million, or $1.05 a share, including a $2.1 million gain on real estate sales.
At the end of August, the nation's foreign debt outstanding totaled $38.8 billion, down $5.7 billion from the end of 1986, according to the ministry.
Sony leads the field.
A lawyer, he served as the state's attorney general from 1969 to 1981.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, National Intergroup shares closed at $17.25, down 25 cents, as the market in general dropped sharply.
This (confirmation) is a certainty," said Gramm.
The McMartin case, which had become a symbol of prosecutorial excess, was widely blamed for his defeat in the Democratic primary.
Nationwide trading in NYSE-listed issues, including trades in those stocks on regional exchanges and in the over-the-counter market, totaled 159.55 million shares.
"That's a very, very powerful increase," said Platt.
Nine-month earnings per share were $1.58, compared with $3.76 last year.
'Employers have dragged their feet on this,' he alleges. Mr D'Antoni warns that employees' rights must be protected.
Cooler temperatures and calmer wind played a role in getting the blaze contained on the west riverbank, which is about two miles from the trail, Jaquith said.
It claims the goal of a fleet fuel economy average of 40 mpg by the year 2001, a 40 percent increase, is not achievable without forcing consumers to buy much smaller cars.
Excavation began four years ago when a backhoe, clearing land for a house, uncovered a graveyard.
Carol Jong put her best face forward in her college yearbook _ again and again and again.
Chris Pountain, insurance analyst for Morgan Stanley International in London, was generally credited with triggering the selling Thursday.
These are trying times for the British pub, that unabashedly romanticized bastion of beer, banter and brotherhood.
In 1976 they were used in La Coruna's estuary and all but killed off the local mollusc industry.
"This is a harbinger of things to come," said David Berger, a Philadelphia attorney who brought the latest action for Mr. Abramson.
GM plans to report overall first quarter earnings today.
Safety standards generally are low in China's more than 90,000 small-scale private and township-run fireworks factories, and accidents are common.
The bank will announce the timing of the auction and type of issue to be offered four weeks in advance.
If there was something more valuable to put my money in, I would.
Raymond became an informant after being arrested in July 1984 in Tennessee on weapons charges.
Taxes on the average worker will have to be used to pay pensions for steelworkers, who have traditionally earned 60% to 80% more than the average manufacturing wage and have much higher pensions than the average industrial worker.
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead.
The protesters, many related to Koreans who were killed during World War II, have asked Roh to cancel his visit.
But they have filed a suit against Keating and his associates alleging that fraud, racketeering and a variety of other illegal acts were directly responsible for losses of $1.1 billion.
Some traders said the dollar's slide following the report's release was only a coincidence, explaining that the U.S. currency, in testing the upper end of the day's range, had exhausted buying interest.
Anthony Caro has been awarded the 1992 Praemium Imperiale Prize for sculpture, it was announced yesterday in Rome.
They're high quality, look nice throughout the day and pack well," she says.
He was looking at some paperwork on his desk when he heard and felt the first missile attack.
Direct foreign investment in the US rose from Dollars 83bn in 1980 to Dollars 403.7bn in 1990, according to the Commerce Department. The surge has slowed somewhat over the past two years as the takeover wave of the 1980s has died away.
NEW HAMPSHIRE: Pro-choice legislators want to try again to overturn an unenforced, century-old law making abortion a crime. Gov. Judd Gregg vetoed a similar bill this year.
Both planned visits to Oregon, ahead of Tuesday's primary there, and California, which ends the primary season June 7 along with New Jersey, New Mexico and Montana.
This year, Chinese authorities have announced the release of at least 784 prisoners.
The Joffrey's July 17-29 engagement at the University of California at Berkeley has been canceled.
"We'll never deny where we've come from," says Vales.
Even if the application for observer status is approved this week, the Soviet Union would not be privy to the so-called Uruguay Round of talks, intended to draw up comprehensive new agreements to liberalize trade in areas such as agriculture and textiles.
That marked the biggest weekly decline for the closely watched average since it dropped 76.26 points April 11-15.
But if the company is to be sold, he wrote, the board should not get less than full value for the company, citing "studies by the financial community (which) have placed the value of the company in excess of $100 a share."
No casualty figures were known for either side.
Two injured children remained in critical condition early Sunday.
Centocor Inc. said it completed a limited partnership that raised $54.2 million.
He also played down the seriousness of the decline, claiming that existing reserves still amount to the equivalent of eight months worth of exports.
Q. No special alerts have been issued? Carlucci: No special alerts.
Concerns about corporate takeovers and the junk bonds that are often used to finance them helped stoke the panicky selling in stocks, as well as this year's biggest government bond rally.
"We've had farm programs for 50 years," declares Fayville Moen, a local real-estate agent.
'Confrontation with the army will lead to the break-up of the armed forces, which are one of the Algerian people's achievements.'
As you listen to the self-righteous sermonising of the religious and the 'purity league' members, it serves as a forceful reminder of how many would still like to drag us back into that cesspit of ignorance today.
Wellman and Corbett toted 200 pounds of food and gear including hammocks that were suspended from hooks placed into the rock as they slept.
De Benedetti, who spent some $1.7 billion to raise his Societe Generale holdings, claims he and his allies control 48 percent of the company.
He also disputes analysts who say the Robins bid results from American Home's desperate need to produce new products to replace Inderal.
We don't hate this country.
Food shares were mostly higher on continued speculation that Japan will be forced to make concessions to the U.S. on the agricultural trade issue, allowing food companies to take advantage of cheaper imported agricultural products.
They emerged Thursday night with a compromise that was swiftly agreed to by other members of the conference committee.
Proceeds from the sales charge will be used to expand shareholder services, he said.
"(Then) I get hotheaded like anybody else."
The foursome chatted and joked before the premiere, which was expected to raise more than $265,000 for the Prince's Trust for disadvantaged young people.
But while premium lagers may not be losing ground, the big standard lagers and keg bitters are.
W. Dennis Thomas, 45 years old, was named vice president of federal-corporate affairs at this pulp and paper maker.
The government has turned over 10 Vietnamese soldiers to Vietnam's embassy one week after a U.S. aircraft carrier rescued them from a barge drifting in the South China Sea, officials said Tuesday.
He also had the rooms furnished with rustic-looking furniture, such as beds with wagon-wheel headboards.
Now Pope John Paul II ranks as the world's number-one jet-setter, a supersonic pilgrim whose frequent-flyer mileage on more than 40 journeys outside Italy would take him to the moon and halfway back.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres visited troops in the occupied West Bank town of Bethlehem and called for restraint in quelling Arab protests in the occupied lands, saying excessive force would only radicalize Palestinians.
We invite people to come in here.
In Hong Kong on Monday, gold was quoted at $354.35 an ounce.
Few if any forecasters expect output to fall.
Currency traders were more confident that the U.S. economy is recovering.
Charley Tom Lee, 25, of Haltom City is due back in court Dec. 13, when a psychological examination will be ordered.
Restive Republicans elected conservatives to second-echelon Senate leadership posts in secret balloting that signaled more combative GOP dealings with majority Democrats in the next Congress.
Mr. Spencer also said the company anticipates domestic sale approval from the Food and Drug Administration within 60 days of its small-diameter angiocatheter, which is inserted into occluded coronary arteries.
But the question in some money managers' minds is whether Eberstadt took enough trouble to verify its potentially damaging information about TPA.
The Tennessee Memphians found what they were looking for in the weeds behind a museum in Memphis, Egypt.
Hoeveler assigned Turnoff to listen to the tapes to avoid being "tainted" by having learned details of Noriega's defense strategy.
Plant Extract Studied As Tick Repellent - SYRUPY OIL, similar to myrrh, from the bark of a common African plant may lead to a better tick repellent.
However, Mr. Salinas not only faces a challenge from the traditional opposition on the right, but also from a revitalized political left, which has been calling for a radical, confrontational approach to foreign debt.
In Saturday's attempted launch, Tass initially announced a four-hour delay but then said blastoff had been delayed indefinitely.
The U.S. congressmen and human rights groups have called for the detainees to be brought to trial or released.
In addition, Strato and Teles products will be integrated in mutual campaigns.
Under `la patrona' (the former owner) we broke our backs for 20 cents a day.
Cilea knew all the tricks but his invention is weak. In the well-known arias he explores a genuine gift for rather flaccid melancholy reflection.
The plastic bullet has greater range and impact than rubber.
Robins has asked the bankruptcy court to block suits against it that might be brought by women who haven't yet discovered that the Shield hurt them.
Yet the federal budget squeeze during the Reagan years has forced deep cuts in economic aid abroad, reducing U.S. influence.
The issue is expected to be sold at a spread of about 105 basis points above the yield on the Treasury 8 7/8% bonds due 2017, which were quoted late yesterday at 8.81%.
A senior British official on Monday sharply criticized Israeli leaders and suggested that U.N. Security Council members help prepare for Arab-Israeli peace talks _ a proposal made recently by Soviet officials.
"He's slick," said Lee.
This field was discovered 15 years ago by the French company Elf and inherited by British Gas when it bought the US company Teneco in 1988.
The National Liberation Army is led by a defrocked priest and inspired by the teachings of Fidel Castro.
The company previously didn't have a chief operating officer.
Robert Nance, 43, of Huntington, was convicted Aug. 1 for conspiring to kill a federal witness, attempting to kill witnesses and a jail escape charge.
A man who chained himself to his sofa for three weeks to stop smoking is a free man today and says it feels wonderful to have kicked the habit.
Pitney Bowes Inc., a leading maker of business machines in Stamford, Conn., helped pioneer flexible working hours to accommodate working parents, allowing them to arrive early some days and leave early on others.
The document was more conservative in tone than a draft pastoral letter released last spring by U.S. Roman Catholic bishops.
The committee cut research money for the Strategic Defense Initiative to $4.3 billion from the proposed $4.5 billion.
"It's short enough for almost anyone no matter what their fears are.
"Something is obviously wrong and has been obviously wrong for the last four years," Rep. Robin Tallon, D-S.C., said at a news conference following ceremonies at Arlington National Cemetery marking the crash anniversary.
BUSINESS INCUBATORS gain ground despite tough economic times.
Most have met with only moderate success.
The Senate earlier in the week rejected some of the same smog controls.
But when interferon, a protein touted as a cure-all, proved useful against only one or two rare cancers, some companies got caught in the downdraft of waning investor support.
In a sign of caution that may grow, profit takers nicked 1/4 off Wal-Mart yesterday; the stock closed at 33 1/2 on 3.3 million shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
That accord was followed, in 1986, by a similar agreement to prepare for a nuclear-free zone at Europe's heart.
A woman whose husband was convicted of theft refused to pay a fine to free him, then told the court she had fallen in love with a prosecution witness, a newspaper reported Wednesday.
The weather across much of the nation was expected to be colder than normal through the weekend, with the chill air pushing into Texas, the Gulf Coast and Florida.
Both concede they are viewed as bland.
The final round of unification talks must be concluded between the four World War II allies _ the Soviet Union, the United States, Britain and France.
In Dhaka, Bangladesh, Chinese Premier Li Peng said Sunday that Western trade sanctions against China because of its crackdown on dissent would backfire and hurt the countries imposing the restrictions.
Thirty-five calves were born with such abnormalities as six legs or missing ribs, Kudin said.
Guenter Baer, a former economist with the World Bank in Washington and a West German finance-ministry official, was appointed as secretary general of the committee.
Such a sermon could win converts, but it would not guarantee victory.
Three West German steelmakers announced a tentative plan to cut costs by merging parts of their operations and slashing an estimated 3,200 jobs.
It is hard to understand why that should have much appeal in the UK.
They are among 50,000 Vietnamese troops Hanoi says it will bring home by the end of the year in the largest of seven annual pullouts from Cambodia.
That measure narrowly passed, leading to the vote next week.
Specifically, Mr. Rafsanjani probably is hoping for greater British and German help in rebuilding important oil facilities damaged by the war.
U.S. officials opened talks with the PLO in December after Arafat renounced terrorism and said he accepted Israel.
And new uncertainties loom, some disclosed for the first time in a Hospital Corp. stock-sale filing dated Jan. 3.
Despite surging to an all-time high Wednesday of 527.82, the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.71, or 0.51%, for the week.
He says he can't confirm, however, reports that Taiwan officials had already approached Boeing Co. in search of alternatives.
Sun said full-year net would fall about 28% to about $380 million, or $3.54 a share, from $527 million, or $4.72 a share, a year earlier.
According to Sen. Domenici, "Nobody torpedoed anything."
At the peak of the fighting, the Indian force numbered about 100,000 men.
In effect, that wiped out with a single stroke the basic premise behind the recent rally.
Monday night's rally was the largest unofficial demonstration in Hungary since an anti-Soviet uprising was crushed in 1956.
The new consensus revolves around the recognition that something must be done about long-term welfare dependency.
Since Wassall is more than doubling its turnover as a result of the deal, even modest gains in margin will have a big impact on profits.
The Lithuanian parliament voted today to abolish the Communist Party's constitutionally guaranteed supremacy and to legalize multiple political parties in the Baltic republic, activists said.
British Coal turns its back on the traditional coalfields of Rugby League.
Dealers said the price was depressed by selling in New York.
Dr. John L. Zabriskie, senior vice president, will be president of the new unit in addition to his current corporate duties.
Carver was organized as a mutual savings bank in 1948 to make home mortgage loans, and that's where most of its assets remain.
The two funds were purported to have $155 million in assets under management, but Ms. Richards said there was "no reasonable basis" for that valuation.
Prosecutors also agreed not to prosecute his wife, Elizabeth Gongora Suarez, for concealing a fugitive from authorities.
The Van Nuys plant has about 4,000 workers.
The city has suffered almost daily bombing attacks by drug traffickers, who are pressing the government to end its 13-day-old crackdown and negotiate a peace.
The Police and Fire Commission dismissed the most serious allegation, failing to request assistance at the scene.
Any future purchases of Metex stock might be made through open-market or privately negotiated transactions, or through "a corporate transaction such as an exchange offer, a tender offer or a merger," the filing said.
The company said it undertook the plan to "enable the stockholders to better realize the full potential value" of the company's shares, which management feels are undervalued in the marketplace.
The report said Branson hopes to sell condoms and records in the Soviet Union, as well as have his pop artists perform there.
Police have kept a 24-hour watch at Olujare's bedside and a patrolman was in the operating room during the surgery, Hickey said.
To keep the brain happy, the body orchestrates all its efforts to deliver the proper level of glucose to the brain.
Bombs rocked two ministries and the buildings housing the nation's industrialist and labor unions early Tuesday in downtown Athens, police said.
But then again, he may not. The prospect of talks is not one which fills many in the Hong Kong government with confidence.
Transamerica Corp. said it agreed to acquire the insurance-premium financing unit of New York-based Alexander & Alexander Services Inc. for $73.8 million.
"Now that it's started, at least the anxiety of waiting is over." Congressional leaders in both houses were notified by the president in a series of phone calls placed around 5:20 to 5:30 p.m. EST.
At least five businesses were destroyed and 15 were damaged.
The University of Pittsburgh center, which now has a Cray X/MP-48 supercomputer, has agreed to trade in that machine for Cray's new Y/MP-832 machine, which Cray says is the world's most powerful computer.
The strike has already resulted in more than 1,000 layoffs and a delayed fall TV season.
That project was eventually replaced by the tri-national Tornado, but no such satisfactory outcome can be expected to follow EFA's cancellation.
But Dr Tim Jackson of the Stockholm Environment Unit showed us slides depicting savings made by various energy-efficiency strategies, such as switching fuels (greatest saving) to advanced coal technology (additional cost).
For example, any visitor would be struck by the peculiarity of the Burmese currency, which is chiefly denominated in 45 and 90-kyat notes.
Hormel's per-share earnings have been about flat at around $1 a share for the past three years, with meat-processing losses imposing an annual drag of 25 cents to 50 cents a share.
The governor himself likes sports metaphors and has been calling himself the party's "quarterback."
So are two "Rock Settees," seats made of polished pink and green granite by American sculptor Scott Burton.
But others are more optimistic.
In 1981, about 74 percent were living with both parents and about 20 percent were living with a single parent.
Meanwhile, William Bennett, President Bush's drug czar, said the Colombian drug operation has been severely disrupted even if the top kingpins have eluded capture.
They want to get a higher price or liquidation value."
The hiring of Mr. Grano is the latest in a series of moves by PaineWebber Chairman Donald B. Marron to turn PaineWebber into a more aggressive firm on several fronts.
Had the latest coup attempt succeeded, the result could have been another civil war in this country of 100 million, wrote columnist Richard Akinnola wrote in the independent Vanguard newspaper.
The company's stock, which had traded as high as $22.50 during the past year, slid to $13 after the FDA hearing and closed yesterday at $8.75, down 50 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
The creative juices haven't dried up at ad agencies.
Independent but unconfirmed reports earlier said 30 soldiers and four civilians were killed.
"It's wonderful experience _ and I want him to win," she said.
She has a telephone in the cab atop her tower, and in her nearby cabin watches a battery-powered television, stores food in a propane-powered refrigerator and cooks on a propane-burning stove.
I am sure it is radio-active. Imagine my amazement, then, every time I read an article about efforts to re-establish the Thames as a river fit for salmon.
The explosion and fire set off panic among residents of Guadalupe, a small city on Monterrey's outskirts about 440 miles north of Mexico City.
It did not explode and no one was hurt, she said.
It explains which trusts qualify for a Pep, describes their investment objectives, and gives performance tables and details of how self-select Peps work.
A spokesman said the company didn't have any specific plans for the proceeds at present but decided to issue the shares because low German interest rates make the transaction attractive.
Den Norske Creditbank, Norway's biggest bank, said it may have incurred a loss of more than 600 million Norwegian kroner ($94.2 million), enough to wipe out 1987 net income.
Ford said it sought long-term relationship with the unprofitable British automaker.
One reason many of his countrymen are insensitive to their concerns, he said, is because Japan itself is such a homogenous society with only very small minority groups.
Mr. Schmidt, whose whereabouts are unknown, had acted as an agent for the bank's trading activities in Frankfurt.
The price asked by the spacemen to save the world is a glass of water.
He also noted that December silver eased to a fresh life-of-contract low for the fourth consecutive session.
Cheney also will meet with Soviet political reform leaders.
Fitzwater said Bush's prognosis was "excellent.
For the season ending April 14, the three major networks, which once had a virtual monopoly on viewership, attracted just 62% of viewers.
A spokeswoman for the medical products maker said proceeds will be used for research in cardiovascular and eye treatment.
'They think they can crush the competition before it gets out of the gate,' says Mr Stursberg.
As the horde of loafing jurors swelled, Ethel started dismissing groups of us, selected by lot, a whole week early.
American Hoist & Derrick lost 1 1/8 to 9 5/8 after reporting that its earnings for the third quarter ended Aug. 31 dropped sharply from a year earlier.
Working with the distributors, the salesmen identify a suitable shop; the marketing team finds a contractor to paint a sign for the owner and ensures the quality of the logo. The first foreign investors in Vietnam were pioneers.
But the company said results were weaker than expected at its units in Canada, Britain and Australia. It added that its foreign units probably won't return to profitability until 1992.
The unions had also asked for a change in management.
Individuals who spoke with Mr. Milken as recently as late yesterday said that while some of his attorneys and others recommended that he accept the negotiated pact, Mr. Milken had still not made up his mind about whether to do so.
But the Reserve Officers Association and others say that not using combat reserves is a fierce blow to the morale of these citizen soldiers who train with active units and are required by law to be ready to mobilize in times of crisis.
The evening's total was about $2 million, said James Figetakis, an associate of Ms. Taylor's publicist, Chen Sam.
But the Fed later sent a signal that traders interpreted as a sign that the central bank hasn't yet launched another move.
"This is really the critical night," said police Lt.
The 18-year-old's piece pictures a wolf standing by a downed tree in the snow with a rising moon over the mountains.
The currency held up well, with the Australian dollar firming to a high of USDollars 0.6845 before moving back to USDollars 0.6835. That the interest rate cut was widely expected was due mainly to the economic data released last week.
If managers of the federal offices decide to hire temps strictly on price, the bigger firms could offer big discounts to win market share and squeeze out the smaller independent operators, says Mr. Kushell, the franchise consultant.
Opposition to nuclear power has swelled in the Soviet Union since the April 1986 accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Ukraine.
It expects to submit the plan to stockholders for approval next month.
As for state officials, Featherman said, "I'm not sure the state wants the problem of managing Philadelphia's debt." Madonna said getting more state aid won't be easy, especially in an election year.
However, Ortega on Monday said that the elections would be held as planned, regardless of the resolution of the dispute over the Contras.
"They didn't hurt me but at one point I was scared for my life," said the warden, Roberto Sanchez Camareno.
Police said an unknown number of rebels were wounded in the firefight, in the Pasos district 15 miles south of Huancayo.
He then dismisses criticism of these decisions, which he sees as arising from the erroneous assumption "that the court's function is to replace law with moral passion, even if that moral passion produces dubious results."
"If the project was so compelling, they wouldn't have had to hire investment bankers." Mr. Picchi also notes that Mobil, Chevron and Petro-Canada themselves don't have the wherewithal to pour more money into Hibernia.
The sources would not identify the lawmakers whose offices were involved or say who might face charges in the case, the lawmakers or their aides, the newspaper said.
Lawmakers hope this provision will provide an incentive to reverse the prolonged decline in oat production.
Some blue chip stocks also rose in up-and-down trading that saw the Dow Jones industrials average fluctuate during the session before settling below a record high set Friday.
For all industry participants, keeping pace with rapid change will be essential to success.
Twenty-seven people died in the fire and 40 survived, but some with disfiguring burns.
S&P affirmed its A-2 rating for Fleet's commercial paper.
At least 30 people were arrested." Banners destroyed by police called for "freedom of the press" and "a press without censorship," he said.
But Chris Bonington, 53, leader of the expedition, told a news conference Wednesday "there's certainly not any conclusive evidence one way or another" that the legendary apeman exists.
Roland H. Meyer, 60 years old, was named chief operating officer.
Israel, Egypt, Morocco, South Korea and Lichtenstein took part in the talks for the first time, adding to the original 34 Western and Eastern European countries and the United States and Japan.
"Lyndon would deliver what we called Lyndon's `State of the Union Message' and that was that.
He will fill in the loan application and hope for the best.
He was a sports editor and wire editor at the Florence Morning News before moving to Sumter in 1936 as news editor.
If they take profits in a recessionary environment, the price could weaken, the dealers say.
"Another reason of the dramatic change in Tokyo is that most of the dealers who had been on Bon holidays returned to business today," he said.
Dingo died of a heart attack on Dec. 29.
We do sort of look alike, except I'm taller.
Webb countered by pulling out a written answer Reagan had given two years ago to a federal grand jury saying that no destruction of documents had been authorized by the president.
A typical RX-7 buyer has median age of 36, according to Rod Bymaster, product manager of sports and sporty cars for Mazda Motor of America.
Gasoline futures last traded above $1 on Aug. 24, while heating oil futures had not been that high since the price spike last December.
Most of the data, though, is generated on the plant floor and the key is to be able to get hold of it quickly and flexibly. For example, all incoming components from suppliers are barcoded, and the information is downloaded into the database.
Kinison met him and asked him to accompany him as a bodyguard, for lack of a better term," Dinse said.
If this situation continues, the wave of strikes will certainly grow." Some economists are puzzled by the widespread labor trouble. During a recession, they say, workers usually are more concerned with keeping their jobs than getting more pay.
With the chemical's current widespread use that risk is 4 in 10,000, it said.
"That's the tradition of Hero Street," Munos says. "It must be in our blood.
"What happens (with emphysema and bronchitis) is as it is with lung cancer _ it's what you did a long time ago that affects your current disease status," said Dr. Robert Hahn, a CDC specialist in lung diseases.
RATHBONE BROTHERS entered agreement to acquire Allside Asset Management Company for Pounds 650,000 in shares.
As a result, many of his apparently abstract works have compellingly vivid "subjects."
But it would leave enough goodies to go around that hardly anyone need be entirely dissatisfied.
The problem is not simply that Mr. Nair might have worked on the article published May 11 on these pages, something that strikes us as hardly enough to threaten the state security of Singapore.
These accounts enable employees to set aside up to $5,000 per family each year to pay for the cost of pre-school/after-school care for children through age 12, day camp and care of an elderly dependent.
"In the immortal words of James Brown, `I feel good!"'
"I want to be a prime contractor by the end of the decade," declares Mr. Hennessy.
Soldiers returned the weapons after realizing it was the Nicaraguan diplomat's residence, the State Department said.
'Our dedication is now to our work, not to remembering the past.' High-level corruption and financial misdemeanours appear set to keep the centre-stage in Spanish politics.
Amal has charged that Hezbollah masterminded Higgins' abduction to undermine Amal's control of south Lebanon.
The stock split and dividend increase affect all common shares, and must be approved through a shareholder vote.
He adapted it from the original story by Ted Hughes - who wrote it for his children.
And "it drives me crazy," says Mr. Neuharth.
We have significantly good ensembles, quite apart from LCDT or Rambert Dance: Lloyd Newson's DV8; Phoenix Dance; Kim Brandstrup's Arc Dance (with no subsidy), Laurie Booth and Russell Maliphant, Yolande Snaith, all produce fine work.
"You can bake them and boil them or dry them out, grind them up and put them in your cookies and cakes," Mr. Sroda says.
The new law, however, hasn't stopped legislators from compiling wish-lists for new programs.
The nation's total foreign debt of $121 billion is the largest in the developing world.
He, his father, and two other black residents who still want to remain anonymous went to A.P. Tureaud, an attorney for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Miles of absorbent boom contained nearly all the oil in the narrow channel and spared the Shooters Island bird sanctuary, Coast Guard officials said.
"I don't see any indications that we've started a borrowing and lending cycle," Mr. Hunt says.
One of the grievances in Lithuania, for instance, is that the Lithuanians are short of food because half of what they produce is shipped to the Russian republic.
In announcing the policy, Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa said that the province is concerned that its population of 6.5 million people, most of them French speakers, may soon decline.
He said, "There's an old Greek saying and I suspect the Italians have the same one.
Integrated also rewrote its software packages last summer in Unix, a computer operating system that can run on everything from mainframes to personal computers.
And, given the quality of the poems, this is much more than an act of piety.
Ms. Cardoso died Monday at the Bambina medical center in Rio de Janeiro, a clinic spokesman said.
An Afghan division will replace them.
In August, all 78 opposition members of parliament resigned en masse, accusing Roh of railroading bills and ignoring demands for reforms.
At the end of the hearings, the committee will vote on the nomination and give its recommendation to the full Senate for approval or rejection.
"We have to convince the business community both here and elsewhere that Hawaii is more than a place to vacation," said Bill Cook of the state Department of Economic Development.
This is the final week, next Sunday the final day.
Although it failed, it had a long-term effect on the future relations of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy, and in 1867, the Hungarians were given a series of unprecedented privileges.
BARLO GROUP has received acceptances to its open offer in respect of 25.71m new ordinary shares, which together with 7.56m placed firm by Goodbody Corporate Finance, represents 95.06 per cent of issue.
Individual stories played a major part in trading yesterday, writes Our Markets Staff. Alcatel was the main story in PARIS as investors reacted nervously to comments by Mr Pierre Suard, the chairman, that turnover and profits would fall this year.
As everyone expected, the unifier is Mike Tyson, he of the 20-odd-inch neck and single-forward-gear.
National Gay Rights Advocates, a California public interest law firm, has filed a class action suit on behalf of AIDS patients against the Department of Health and Human Services, FDA and National Institutes of Health.
The other is finding the resources and the will to overcome a mire of poverty and ignorance.
RARELY HAS a UK government agonised so long and hard about an apparently simple question.
But oil exports supply more than 60 percent of the country's dollar earnings.
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette called Mr. Flaherty this year's "Politician Who Will Make the Arts Festival Safe for Society," and suggested he confine his critiques to food booth offerings.
It was not clear how many organs were found.
The project still has to be approved by the city's Board of Estimate.
A year earlier, Old Stone reported a loss of $6.17 a share, including provisions for loan losses and real estate-related investments.
Sullivan assured panel members that he is putting the FDA's house in order, restructuring its management and adding resources in the wake of the generic drug fraud and corruption scandal.
Japan expects to sell 3.9 million camcorders this year, up 54% from 1986.
But the people also know that the last time our opponents were in charge, America did a heck of a lot worse.
One target is Helicobacter pylori, an important cause of peptic ulcers. Magainin Pharmaceutical, based in Pennsylvania, is focusing on defensive peptides which frogs secrete from their skins.
Sales in the sluggish Northeast market, which had risen 9.3 percent in April, fell back 5.6 percent in May to 84,000 units at an annual rate.
Separately, Chiron said it formed a new company with a group of venture capital investors to concentrate on discovering and developing cancer therepeutics using biotechnology.
Some sellers are companies that went private in the leveraged buy-out craze of the early '80s and are under pressure to sell the company again so that investors can get their cash out.
Beset by a troubled marriage and his son's ill health, Cisneros last fall said he wouldn't run again and accepted a job in the private sector.
Graber predicted he would have the 100 votes needed for a veto override by the time the attempt comes, probably in May.
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center.
'We now consider Malaysia as one of our major competitors.
The Energy Department argued that the companies could not be liable because they carried out the government's directions.
Since mid-September, however, it has surged from $32 a share to trade as high as $40 5/8.
On the Democratic side, Dukakis came in as the optimism winner, followed by Rep. Richard Gephardt and Jesse Jackson.
A spokeswoman for Burroughs Wellcome said the company doesn't currently have any plans to reintroduce a capsule form of the product, but will monitor consumer response to the coated tablets.
The committee is preparing a report on Anglo- Chinese relations. Lloyd Bentsen, the US treasury secretary, who is on a trip to Asia, arrives in Thailand.
"Things are better than they were," Calero said after the singing and cheering died down at the airport.
A second person who ate poisonous mushrooms at a dinner party underwent a liver transplant operation Friday, and another person was awaiting a donor.
Laos, along with Vietnam and Cambodia, came under communist rule in 1975.
Both governments deny direct involvement in the talks.
Raffles the blackmailer returns and falls ill at Bulstrode's.
Mrs. Carey made several films with Ford, Wayne, her husband and their son, Harry Carey Jr.
An old rectory might come to Pounds 800-Pounds 900.
But they're not going to get paid" for selling the non-Merrill product.
Tass, in its announcement Monday, gave no details of the Communist Party chief's schedule, and said only that the visit would take place in "mid-March." Leonid Brezhnev was the last Kremlin leader to go to the non-aligned Communist nation.
One solution seen by many sponsors such as Valvoline is to spend more money at small local tracks where racing is still valued more for sport than for big business.
He said the wheel was one of four on the right main landing gear. The cause of the mishap is under investigation.
Sulphur and molasses is an age-old recipe for spring fever, and here's its economic equivalent, something to lift your spirits and help develop the brighter side of things.
REVENUE AGENTS, who do the IRS's complex audits, left it at a rate of 6.5% a year, says a study by the General Accounting Office.
But if he notifies the government in writing that he won't appeal, he could be deported as soon as the State Department can find a country to accept him.
"It's anyone's guess whether Sears can get them back," he adds.
Workers at a Stepanakert silk factory spent two hours Monday morning cleaning a thick layer of dust from their looms and have other maintenance work to do before production is back to normal, Tass reported.
The airplane enthusiast was riding a bicycle after renewing his membership at the Experimental Aircraft Association Tuesday when he lost his wallet.
State GOP Chairman Michael Vallante came out with the Republican T-shirt on Monday, but he says he had the idea all along but just got sidetracked about getting the shirts made up.
The agents saw, but did not seize, 270 bales of marijuana.
But the opposition demanded that a multiparty interim legislature govern until elections are held. Voting is tentatively set for July.
When Christie and his musicians are on stage, I am inclined to think that there is more than enough to stimulate the imagination, for Purcell's delightful and magical world seems to lie at their fingertips.
"One of our tests is to keep the audience where they are, because there is a tendency for an audience to join in," said Jeremy Alliger, head of an avant-garde performance group called The Dance Umbrella, which is presenting the Boston shows.
There are nine restaurants, cafes or bars - and 38 blocks of toilets. The view down the length of the building from the inside is 614 metres long. Basically, the terminal has a large central core, with two arms stretched out straight on each side of it.
No one was killed, the official Soviet news agency said.
The three months price closed at Dollars 1,510.50 a tonne, up Dollars 20 overall and Dollars 55.50 above Tuesday's low. Lead was also helped by an LME stocks fall as it bounded to a 21-month high yesterday.
The McKeehans also still give presents to relatives, but they do it well before Dec. 25, by which time they are in Florida enjoying a secular vacation.
With interest rates for commercial lending fixed by the central bank, competition is limited, as is profit potential.
In another apparent attempt to mollify bank holding companies, the Fed allowed them to count as capital whatever good will they had on their books as of last March and apply it toward the 8% capital requirement.
Frozen hams and canned pork are the main items bought by USDA for distribution to schools and other domestic programs.
"This isn't the time to take the chance and ask them that," says Mr. Appelbaum, who adds that his home phone is bugged.
At his height he was one of the closest allies of Baroness Thatcher, the former prime minister. He was the epitome of a Thatcherite minister, a grammar-school boy who worked his way to the top.
But the ultimate payoff for BellSouth investors could be complete ownership of the new cellular-telephone company.
Tampons containing polyacrylate were withdrawn in 1985, and current tampons are made with cotton or rayon.
LENINGRAD= _Anatoly Gerasimov, first secretary of the Leningrad city Communist Party, lost to Yuri Boldyrev, a ship-building engineer. Gerasimov won just 15 percent of the vote to Boldyrev's 74 percent.
Mr. Newfield uses his rented bulb to light his front walkway.
"We will have a final agreement on all four or none," said Karl Falkenberg, a spokesman for the European Economic Community delegation.
Local journalists who work part-time for some of the world's large news organizations would be required to register if, as many do, they had more than one employer.
Congressional budget aides say that neither chamber is likely to approve the resolutions.
The group announced agreements with the state and private developers to conserve land around the pond where Thoreau built an cabin and lived for two years, and also promoted an effort to create affordable housing in nearby Concord.
All three will be based in Toronto with responsibility for Canada and the United States.
He replaced Anatoly Dobrynin, the long-serving Soviet ambassador in Washington, who was pushed into retirement.
When the farm or mining economy crashes or a town's biggest plant moves away, a small business's market can be wiped out overnight.
President Bush, Chancellor Kohl, Prime Minster Kaifu and the rest preside at a most hopeful moment.
The highschool senior has never actually seen a football game. But she thinks the jackets are cute.
The Senate Intelligence Committee voted 13-2 for legislation that includes the 48-hour requirement.
Stock prices, in their first chance to react, dove this morning before recovering some of their losses.
"Every time I see them, I feel like yelling out `Shazam!' like in the Captain Marvel comic books." A new decal will be phased in with new cars as budget allocations allow, Bolden said.
One day in 1987, he rode his mountain bike into two-mile-high Leadville (population 2,067), where the Climax Molybdenum mine had just shut down.
It was the the most dramatic show of U.S. force in the six-year Nicaraguan war and came in response to a request for help from Honduras' president, Jose Azcona Hoyo.
Kondo said the two foreign ministers' talks on the territorial issue were "frank, serious and heated." Moscow has consolidated its occupation of the Kurils, which guard Moscow's access to the Pacific, with 10,000 troops.
The plane would be significantly larger than the model 400, which can carry 412 passengers more than 8,000 miles, and more than 560 in short-range versions.
The smugglers were delivered Sunday to an Islamic revolutionary court in Sanandaj, capital of Iranian Kurdistan, the news agency said.
Bonn fringe benefits are already kept under relatively tight control.
If the waiver is denied, any member on the floor can raise a point of order to delete the offending section.
Some analysts predict a minority government in the next election, with the New Democrats holding the balance of power.
The corn contract for July delivery dropped 5.5 cents a bushel to settle at $2.3175 a bushel.
The dollar was up slightly against other major currencies in quiet European trading today.
The Saatchis "appear to be believing their own press clippings," said one British banking analyst.
The fourth building, Tower C, is owned by American Express.
He had his own TV show.
Leonard Daniel Wickenden, a novelist, short story writer and editor, died at home Friday of a heart attack.
The Limited Inc., the specialty apparel retailer based in Columbus, Ohio, posted an 11 percent total sales increase while sales grew 9 percent on a comparable-store basis.
Western Union closed unchanged at 2 7/8.
The legislation was introduced with support from 46 co-sponsors.
For its fiscal first quarter, ended Dec. 31, the company reported a loss of $1.7 million compared with a loss of $402,000 the year earlier.
It is a tall order, but it is more palatable than the international humiliation and Somali suffering which would follow withdrawal.
Bush, who is promising a balanced budget for 1993 while vowing to cut taxes and increase some spending along the way, has stayed vague enough to sound almost plausible.
Thrift industry sources speculated that Great Western executives had decided that acquiring Financial Corp. or some of its operations didn't fit Great Western's plans to emphasize expansion outside California, into Florida, Texas and the Northeast.
He placed a wreath on the tomb of the unknown soldier and decorated veterans and members of the Resistance with Legion of Honor medals.
"We could see whole lines of trees exploding," said Marc Anthony, a state game and parks commissioner who flew over the fire. A mushroom cloud of smoke could be seen from Scottsbluff about 90 miles away.
Before she went to the Transportation Department, she work for President Reagan as a White House liaison with women and minorities.
However, the cyanide wasn't the only threat from the spill.
The countries are as different as Poland _ whose government is wrestling with a political opposition and a weak economy _ and East Germany, which has a fairly strong economy and some doubts about the need for Gorbachev-style reforms.
It will take more than one sell-off to end the speculative fever in new issues and biotechnology shares, he says.
Get down to how to do this.
"Who do you like?" asked the candidate.
People need people, a national strategy for the requirement, and the opportunities, for volunteers was introduced on Monday by Ken Bruce, and continued through the week by him and others with helpful information.
The Labor Department's earnings data are used to index hundreds of billions of dollars of defense contracts.
Most corn futures prices climbed the permitted daily limit of 10 cents a bushel Monday on the Chicago Board of Trade as an expected heat wave that is reigniting drought fears moved into the Corn Belt.
The protesters blame the United States for supporting military rule in South Korea and partitioning the Korean Peninsula, divided since 1945.
They did so for one inning before giving up.
"We tried to stop her, but the troops opened fire.
Contests among the services branches are widely expected to reach new highs as the military budget shrinks and the assessment of the Soviet threat diminishes.
But I have never let go of Joan's Book.
Retirement benefits would have been increased across the board in the revised offer, while other benefits would remain the same as in the previous offer.
In the Fruitport case, the boy admitted he threatened to cut his victims' heads off with a sword or lock them in the bathroom if they told their parents, said Juvenile Court caseworker Debra Jensen.
The index hit its peak of 1,967.1 at the start of official dealings.
Republican Gov. George Deukmejian of California, addressing a luncheon for the trade ministers, defended the administration's free-trade policies, saying that competition was good for American industry and consumers.
The Kurdish Democratic Party and other Kurdish factions, backed by Iranian Revolutionary Guards, escalated their war against Baghdad two years ago.
A 5 percent minimum vote was required in one of the two republics to get seats.
"But your son has obligations as a soldier," said the prince, who also is the Saudi defense minister.
Tokyo markets will be closed Monday for a national holiday.
Others who have been made freemen of Dublin are playwright George Bernard Shaw, Pope John Paul II, and U.S. President John Kennedy.
"I don't see any prospect for progress, but rather for resistance, violence," says Robert Nathan, a Washington-based economist who follows Burmese developments.
Last summer he played for Sussex Second XI; last winter he took lots of wickets in New Zealand.
Gorbachev's decree also was denounced by Russian parliament leader Vladimir Isakov who told the official Tass news agency that Gorbachev, the Soviet president, overstepped his authority.
The fact that it is set on the eve of the Yom Kippur war is about as trite as another play on the night that Kennedy died: more nostalgia than comment.
Company officials earlier this week declined to comment on the layoff rumor.
Of the rest, about half are considered independent but are affiliated with a major studio.
Rubin said he wanted access to the Navy investigation and wanted to go aboard the USS Iowa.
However, the most spectacular performer of all, he says, is Spain.
She spent five months in a body cast and wheelchair.
We are applying to ourselves, or at least to our public and private leaders, standards of ethics never before expected of ordinary mortals.
To top it off, the Central Asian republic of Kazakhstan yesterday may have become the first fragment of the Soviet Union to throw around its nuclear weight.
Miss Brawley was found Nov. 28, seemingly dazed, outside an apartment that had recently been vacated by her family in Wappingers Falls.
The desegregation of swimming pools, toilets and other facilities once reserved for whites has changed little for millions of blacks who still face prejudice, poverty and hopelessness.
Mr. Heller's 140-person company stands to gain some credibility from its relationship with Fujitsu, which gives Hal access to the big Japanese computer maker's semiconductor expertise, patent portfolio and marketing force.
The ashes we find could be yours.'
Some military officials are uncertain that Fujitsu can be trusted to protect classified defense technology.
Ballard Shipping also said it will make available $500,000 for settlements with individuals who were financially hurt by the spill.
"On the whole," he added, "it's been very quiet.
Each would use new propfan engines, which are powered by high-speed propellers and are significantly more fuel efficient than current jet engines.
A "put" option is a futures contract that allows the buyer to sell Treasury bonds in the future for a price that is set at the time the contract is placed.
Nixon's representatives and Chinese officials are arranging the details of a sixth visit, though Taylor did not rule out a future group trip.
Chinese diplomats are busy too.
The offering circular shows the company's annual profit at $19 million on sales of $100 million, according to investment bankers and consultants who are familiar with the information.
The households were selected to reflect a cross-section of the population.
But then I had to leave, and I made my way through the fighting until I was able to reach my mother's house." A Red Cross spokesman said many people were donating food to the refugees _ "as much as they can spare."
The disclosure came amid Anglo-Irish tensions following the killing of a Catholic man on Sunday by a British soldier and the Irish government's decision to conduct its own investigation of the slaying, which occurred in Northern Ireland.
He died in 1915 when he was halfway through the letter `S.' The new edition also has been computerized, with the vocabulary of English since 1150 A.D. on a single data base to be available by home computer.
Yet Leyster's success as an independent artist is in a sense more remarkable because she was not the daughter of an artist.
Twenty-seven states still have adultery laws on the books, a survey by the Harvard Law Review found, but legal scholars say few states make much effort to enforce them.
"I'm afraid this is going to attract every little thief within 100 miles around here when they realize we don't have a police department," Seals said.
It was the older Knievel who made the jump famous and turned himself into a household name in the process when he crashed on landing and flipped like a rag doll through the parking lot and broke nearly ever bone in his body.
It affirmed ratings on about $5 billion in commercial paper.
After the CrossLand transaction, "bidders aren't going to feel that they have an option to buy things at fire-sale prices," he said.
He said, `OK, I'll let you have it for just $300,000.'" Beyond funny anecdotes, we hit bedrock when agent Jeremy Zimmer describes the realities of negotiation: "You have your basic mercy deal; you throw yourself on the mercy of the other person.
They might like eating the fruit, but I don't think they like the smell too much." Calling the spiky green fruit smelly does it an injustice.
Bombardier is already a major player in the business-jet market.
Gunshots and tear gas were fired before he gave up, a domestic news service said today.
About 400 people marched through the center of Rome in a commemoration organized by Italy's tiny, maverick Radical Party.
The 1986 law limits this work to people certified as qualified by the EPA, which set forth training requirements in last year's regulation.
The Soviet Union has been a major ally and arms provider for North Korea.
In this way, the long, global tradition of Hispanic culture can give inner-city Hispanic students a historically accurate sense of how they got where they are.
Several critics expressed fears that the program would hurt Portland's reputation.
In 1962, the Sandlers packed up their belongings, drove to California and eventually bought Golden West, then a sleepy institution with $34 million of assets and two offices.
Firefighters expected to contain both fires by Monday evening, he said.
The dollar's strength against European currencies during the period also depressed revenue somewhat, Pan Am said.
On the Merc, heating oil for December delivery settled at 55.85 cents a gallon, up 1.02 cents, another factor that helped crude-oil futures gain.
That includes not just directing but mouthing off about politics and causes. Maybe they're right.
But the recovery was months in coming.
If trusts for which they are trustees or income beneficiaries are included, they control roughly 47%, according to company documents and information from Mrs. Fink.
While he spoke favorably of the 1968 reform program of disgraced former leader Alexander Dubcek, Adamec also reaffirmed the supremacy of the Communist Party in his country.
Shamir rejected any territorial compromise and urged direct talks aimed at granting the Palestinians limited autonomy.
Milken widely is regarded as the most important American financier since J.P. Morgan Jr. in the early 1900s and he came to symbolize the bounty and excesses of a booming Wall Street.
"If anything, they're jumping up and down with joy," said Howard Stein, chairman of Dreyfus Corp.
Term bonds due 2017 have a 7 3/8% coupon and were priced at 99 1/4 to yield about 7.44%.
The median price means that half the homes sold for more, half for less.
It was made into a movie in 1987.
The official said it takes an average of 11 months to hold an arbitration hearing after a case is filed.
Nippon Steel was followed on the most active list by two more steels: Sumitomo Metal, up 19 to 769 on volume of 132 million shares, and Kawasaki Steel, up 55 to 1,050 on volume of 131.2 million.
An 82-year-old company with an old and loyal customer base and 7,000 employees, Foxboro recently emerged from a restructuring.
Their MBAs became prized commodities; their numbers and earnings soared; so did the salaries of their faculties.
The song, performed in 1964 by the Liverpool band Gerry and the Pacemakers, is about the northwest port city and the River Mersey that flows through it.
It has rich reserves of oil and natural gas, a strategic location and triple the population of any other gulf country.
In addition, the commission ruled that the phones must allow customers to make local or long-distance calls with coins or calling cards.
Texas Eastern lost 1 3/4 to 24 1/8.
To many foreign observers like myself the Reagan presidency has been an outstanding success, restoring to the world's greatest democracy its economic dynamism, its self-confidence and self-respect and its paramount place in geopolitics.
The Popular Front of Moldavia claimed Tuesday it had won about half the settled legislative races, but runoffs will be required in nearly two-thirds of the contests.
Indigenous peoples are thus already recognised as legal entities enjoying collective rights.
President Sarney's chief of staff resigned to assume control of Brazil's conservative Liberal Front Party.
There's ample evidence, too, that government aid hinders rather than promotes competitiveness.
It seems that Israel translates the protests into a `Keep going' message," said Dr. Hayder Abdul Shafi, head of the Red Crescent (Red Cross) in the Gaza Strip.
The generals each headed the National Information Center, the disbanded secret police force known by its Spanish acronym CNI.
The dollar moved lower in thin trading yesterday, with many markets still closed for Easter.
Before being elected to Congress in 1970, Mr. Kemp was all-pro quarterback for the Buffalo Bills football team.
"I think Saddam will win, and we will win as Arabs," Mr. Abbas says.
In Playa de Aro, Spain, tourism officials said Thursday they would sponsor Mediterranean holidays for a group of orphans from Timisoara, where the Romanian uprising began last month.
"The Age of Diminishing Expectations" is the first in a planned quarterly series of "briefing books" aimed at institutional buyers such as investment houses, law firms, banks and foreign embassies.
He hovers at the margins, reminding negotiators more is at stake than farm trade, and more countries' interests are involved than just the EC and US.
"All of us realize the more revenue we have in this bill, the less likely the president is to sign it," said Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., manager of the Senate tax measure.
Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. said it is negotiating to buy 117 acres for a second hotel-casino along the Las Vegas Strip.
"We are struggling from day to day," he grumbles.
He plans to appeal the convictions but faces likely impeachment by Congress.
Laughlin Phillips, son of the founder and former publisher of Washingtonian magazine, succeeded his father as the museum's director.
France has raised the PLO's status in Paris to that of "general delegation" _ a step short of diplomatic recognition.
Falwell denied the account given by builder Roe Messner, who testified for the defense at Bakker's fraud trial.
When he testified at his own trial last year, North implicated a number of other Reagan administration figures, including Poindexter.
Bond prices closed near session highs, and traders said that performance fueled buying in stock-index futures.
U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood accepted Drexel's guilty plea yesterday morning.
Morgan Stanley's head of junk-bond trading, Peter Karches, said the firm does own some Macy bonds, but in far smaller amounts than rumored.
The logistics for the cleanup will be staggering.
Dingell released the study on Sunday.
Strong enough, at least, to convince many analysts that the Fed would raise interest rates next week to slow down an economy that may now have grown by as much as 4.5 per cent or 5 per cent in the second quarter.
They mentioned vibrators on the show," Rakolta said.
Bush's biggest vote margin came in Florida, where he bested the Massachusetts governor by about 960,000 votes.
As many as a half-million people were expected to celebrate Independence Day in the nation's capital today with a full day of activities, beginning with a parade and ending with fireworks.
In another room, Marlowe takes a circular section cut from the middle of a condom, similar to a wide rubber band, and stretches it on a machine to test its tensile strength _ how far it will stretch before it snaps.
In a statement released yesterday, Koppers Chairman Charles Pullin said the recapitalization would permit shareholders "to maintain an equity interest and participate in the company's inherent long-term value."
When Goodwin, the owner of Grandma's, counted up 50 job vacancies for this summer and only 12 applicants, he bought a $150,000 three-family home to house workers.
However, Jim R. Porter, First Options' chairman, does say another 500-point drop in the industrial average wouldn't cost his firm money because its traders are operating under stricter trading standards and are putting up more margin cash.
The petroleum industry as a whole did not reap a third-quarter windfall from the Persian Gulf crisis, a leading trade group said in a defense of Big Oil against charges of profiteering.
The Canal Commission, which operates the waterway, has two new acting deputy administrators, both Americans, Ms. Frye said.
George Pollock, New York, a former allied member, was fined $2,500 for supervisory deficiencies.
Ershad stepped down in November after widespread protests against his rule.
Pulsifer, a member of a Maine-based group involved in the Aro project, has been named U.S. distributor for the vehicle.
The poor Third World countries without oil resources hoped the oil producers would share some of their wealth, but so far no formal steps toward that goal have been taken.
"That was a surprise for us," Mr. Santos said.
And finally, higher interest rates, softer land prices, and tighter restrictions on bank loans to property companies, have crippled the purchasing power of speculator groups.
Retailers have a recurring nightmare that seasonal shoppers will shy away from stores for fear of having to meet big bills later on. It almost never comes to pass; people get sentimental around the holidays and tend to over-spend.
In spite of the promises of a new openness in UK economic policy, we may never know the true scale of the Bank of England's efforts to prop up the pound.
The new system is to be introduced in 1992 when it is scheduled to be installed at the FAA's air traffic control center in Seattle.
A big seller of Bass undermined the shares, which retreated 9 to 534p.
The dollar was lower against all major currencies in thin trading.
The Peranakan restaurant, serving nyonya food, is in an old Chinese house in Jalan Tun Tan Cheng Lok.
U.S. officials appear to have given up a demand they voiced last week that Japan pledge a specific percentage of its annual gross national product to public works.
BBC1's tabloid telly series 999 (9.30) which shows films or reconstructions of heroic rescues today screens an amateur video record of the boy who fell into the gorilla pit at London Zoo.
And because costs in the dump business are mostly fixed, additional volume after a certain level is almost entirely profit.
But there was still some wistful talk of cut in interest rates. 'It hasn't lost it for us, but ask me next week whether it's won it,' one backbencher with a 6,000-odd majority said yesterday.
He said the statements by thrift-industry regulators "represent a reaffirmation by the federal government to stand behind the depositors of the savings and loan institutions across Texas.
So far 7.1m tonnes have been threshed, down 1.7m. Russia bought some 25m tonnes of grain from abroad last year, and ministers are hoping that it will be less this year.
"To undo what's been done will take three to four years," says one.
The Soviet Union, for its part, seems at present prepared to reduce these weapons only in exchange for cuts in the numbers of the newly crucial NATO combat aircraft.
It would allow students to attend public schools outside their area and provide tax credits for those wishing to go to private schools.
If charged and convicted of the lesser crime of endangering flight safety, they could receive a maximum of seven years in jail. However, the presiding judge of the court in Taiwan's capital, Taipei, said the hijackers could expect leniency.
He said Wright, a "strong-willed man with strong ideas," would probably want to continue to play a part in national affairs _ writing, speaking or teaching.
A passer-by ended the fracas by spraying Herd with the woman's can of chemical deterrent.
The new partnership, if approved by both companies' boards, will be named ServiceMaster Consumer Services Limited Partnership.
Such is the demand for major artists that musical events are often planned a year or two in advance.
In fact, it is uncertain whether the Arensbergs, who were residents variously of Boston, New York and Los Angeles, ever even set foot in the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Bush called the state-by-state survey "interesting and encouraging," but said he would stick to his strategy.
'Concern about pollution makes scientists feel that we should try to find out what is there before it is destroyed.' Marine biotechnology is still in its infancy.
Mr. Sorrell said he opposed moving projects to the new agency because "I thought it would weaken our position commercially."
"Death most probably was instantaneous" for the two sailors killed in the blast, he said.
Ball expects to use debt to finance most of its 50% stake in the venture, and Onex Packaging already carries of about C$110 million of debt on its balance sheet.
'The European Community is experiencing its worst recession since it was established,' says Mr Jorge Braga de Macedo, minister for finance.
"Horses are lovely animals.
First National Bank of Boston, New York, Boston and Canton, Mass., is paying agent.
Now, before elections for the more powerful lower house expected early next year, the new trials risk bringing out more damaging disclosures.
In the absence of any market-moving news, foreign exchange trading was dominated by technical factors, traders said.
The fire 250 miles west of Yellowstone burned more than 50,000 acres during the summer of 1987.
Yesterday, BAe announced it was writing off Pounds 250m for its loss-making turbo-propeller commuter aircraft division.
Prodded by the parent company to accelerate its growth, the unit aggressively expanded into real estate lending and junk bond financing in the 1980s and hoped the expansion would balance out the company's more cyclical businesses.
A scuffle between two students over a classroom seat prompted a two-hour riot by 2,000 residents of an eastern Bangladesh town that injured 50, police said Friday.
You know, if that's the only way you can run for the presidency, then I think our system is in deep trouble.
There could be additional arrests, authorities said.
In the normally understated tones of the British civil service, such language amounts to a polite demurrer to Mr. Lilley's policy.
The first venture will supply both brands of tires to original equipment manufacturers.
Last year, 29 people were killed in New Delhi in attacks blamed on the militants.
They include Jack Weeks, who came up with the idea during the presidential campaign of putting the governor in an M-1 tank wearing a helmet, a notion that even Kitty Dukakis says turned out to be humiliating.
The state, for example, used the banking system to funnel scarce capital to the heavy industries that led Korea's export drive.
Revenue fell to $5.4 million from $6 million.
Miami Report II's main focus is economic, however, and the authors offer what they say are moderate policies to curb the departure of capital from the region.
Finland tied the score midway through the first period, but Andrei Khomoutov and Viacheslav Bykov, holdovers from the Soviet dynasty, put the United Team ahead again by combining on a power-play goal late in the period.
"Only scuttled ships tend to make it to the bottom in one piece," Ballard said. "It appears the crew opened it up along its entire length.
Their intentions, I think, were clear _ to try to decapitate the Cristiani government.
The Treasury said the latest figures were encouraging. The December figure fits in with indications from retailers that shop spending picked up last month.
Authorities detained at least 240 demonstrators in two cities who likened communism to czarist tyranny, and officials jammed U.S.-financed Radio Liberty on Monday as it reported on the protests, activists said.
The exchange will take place Feb. 12, BBL said.
The aide to Mr. Rostenkowski said it was a coincidence that the Ways and Means chairman's change of heart came in the same week that President Bush reversed his position on tax increases.
"People don't come up here to see oil wells," Frederick said.
On the wholesale market SBC lists 15 varieties of equity option contracts, including as-you-like options, exploding options and deferred strike options.
In a meeting with an outside lawyer, Mr. West "noted that the company has experienced a number of problems because of its high profile in the press," according to a memo written by the lawyer.
By contrast, Dutoit's responsibility in Bell's Prokofiev is to realise as vividly as possible the bizarre colours of the scores, the better to set off the wicked solo role. He and his Montreal band (and the sound-engineers) do that to memorable effect.
In natural gas trading, the July contract fell to $1.602 per 1,000 cubic feet from $1.613 Tuesday.
The case is the first in which the U.S. government based its criminal investigation solely on corporate negligence, said prosecutor David Marshall.
The constable's wife and young children escaped, and the gunmen took a shotgun and two pistols when they left, police said in their daily unrest report.
That political crisis triggered the latest spasm of fighting in Lebanon's 14-year-old civil war.
Those who formed the new Democratic Center coalition are "pseudo-leaders," said Nicaraguan rebel Roberto Ferrey in a recorded interview.
Darpa found itself in the worst of all situations.
Serial bonds will yield from 6.25% in 1991 to 7.50% in 2000.
"I had trouble seeing where there would ever be more than $150 million a year in revenues," Mr. Shereck says.
The sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they are convinced human rights violations are not a matter of government policy but that those guilty of politically-motivated crimes must be brought to justice.
When it came to open primaries, Robertson's relatively small but committed "invisible army" was less effective.
The columnist, loaded with all this optional equipment, tried again to get his foot in Mr. McCurry's door: wouldn't he concede the inevitable? Okay, relented the auto veteran.
The Iraqi leader's seizure of neighboring Kuwait more than two months ago led to an unprecedented U.S. military buildup in the petroleum-rich region and has doubled the price of oil since midsummer.
Editors and writers have no time to untangle any tricky phrasing.
It was the latest protest against the government's plans to open up the airline, a subsidiary of state-owned carrier Air France, to foreign competition.
Separate agreements reached on grains, chemical products and a code on anti-dumping. 1973-79 Geneva (99 participants): The Tokyo Round.
Since your book is titled, "Trump: The Art of the Deal" (246 pages, $19.95), it must be chock full of exciting descriptions of your biggest deals.
Milstead, who is now divorced, was married at the time of the alleged affair, while Mrs. Johnston was single.
The quake, which measured 7.7 on the Richter Scale, caused relatively little damage in Manila but killed more than 700 people and damaged thousands of buildings elsewhere in Luzon.
Within days after Phoenix pulled out, the Boesky scandal depressed prices of junk bonds and of taxable municipals because of their indirect link through GICs.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 32,149.48, up 166.59 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Wednesday.
Perhaps because of its celebrity community, perhaps for its laid-back nature, Malibu, like other suburbs of the movie industry, gets no respect.
These are a quick way of providing companies with telephones because they use radio links and so no roads need to be dug up. Once fixed networks are in place, the cellular ones will be used for mobile communications.
His responsibilities were broadened in 1961 and he was made an assistant secretary of the Army.
The gases and chemicals from cigarettes have been circulating into lungs of unwilling innocents for years.
Students armed with firebombs and rocks clashed with riot police at four colleges in Seoul when they were blocked from marching into the streets.
A Jackson County Circuit Court jury on Friday awarded the money to Davina Gabriel, 34, who claimed the doctor who performed the surgery was negligent.
The indictments send a message that drug smugglers can never be sure who they're dealing with, said U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtinen.
The smaller items are then fed to the Adept robots.
Fort Lauderdale police said both victims were homosexuals.
Skeptics point to a number of questions: the company's exposure to liability from waste accidents, the risks of diversification, and pricing practices that have led to a number of price-fixing lawsuits in recent years.
The settlement required Pinnacle West to infuse MeraBank with $450 million.
I've always found that even though there usually is some sort of a base point below which you presumably don't get any bonus, that invariably some type of an extenuating circumstances will be presented.
"I don't see this as a giveaway," Mr. Sikes says.
President Fidel Castro of Cuba, in his first trip to South America in 17 years, was among seven Latin American and European presidents at the ceremony.
The total amount of aid was not known.
Robert B. Pearlman Attorney at Law Charleston, S.C.
The settlement calls for the creditors to scale back their claims sharply in dividing up most of Drexel's $2.8 billion in assets.
"An eventual separation of a Baltic republic from the Soviet Union will be less pain from the point of view of progress and perestroika than an attempt to keep it by force, by tanks," he said.
State officials have ignored the statute, and last year it was declared unconstitutional.
The Associated Press Managing Editors association has awarded 288 citations to newspapers and broadcast stations for outstanding contributions to the Associated Press report.
General Motors Corp. spokesman Dave Hudgens said today he had no immediate comment on fleet or retail prices.
The nation's past presidents may need more advertising, judging from a survey that found youngsters able to name more brands of alcoholic beverages than former chief executives.
But his departure has in some ways weakened him. If Mr Tato faces opposition to his plans from long-serving Fininvest executives, he can no longer call on Berlusconi's backing.
The record cold air that stunned Alaska swept into the lower 48 states Tuesday, dropping temperatures in Montana by more than 70 degrees in less than a day, and the weather system keeping Alaska cold intensified to a North American record.
At the Repair Shipyard, 200 workers who rallied Wednesday morning ended their strike at around 1 p.m., one hour after management said they must leave or be fired, said Krzysztof Kamolak, one of the strike committee members.
In the southwest, officials reported severe loss to bean, sorghum and corn crops.
A pound of paper packaging reduces food waste by 1.41 pounds.
They were gorgeous, young; they weren't jaded.
That allows eye exams to last 15 minutes or longer, compared with three to four minutes with conventional ophthalmoscopes, he adds.
Among actively traded issues, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's 6.75% securities of 2026 ended 1/8 point higher, at 96 3/8, yielding 7.02%.
His or her fate will be decided by majority vote.
The FTC had filed an administrative complaint against the company in August 1987.
A majority of the stock in Aspen Airways is owned by the Donald Ringsby family.
Under terms of the agreement, most East Germans will be able to convert 4,000 East German marks of savings into West German marks at a 1-to-1 exchange rate.
When rates rise, gilt prices fall, and vice-versa.
He said the RTC had scared away investors by failing to set minimum prices and by pulling properties from the initial list released in early August.
And they say the companies are not direct competitors, with IBM focusing on the Fortune 1000 and Tandy focusing on what it calls the "Unfortunate 6 Million" small and medium-sized companies.
This, along with tightened credit, severely strained several Singapore brokerages.
The couple took a flight Friday.
The high court, without comment, on Monday let stand a federal appeals court ruling that Cathy Yvonne Stone, 37, is entitled to have her legal fight put before a jury.
They have names like Sparky and Jinx and say things like "holy cannolli."
Saddam Hussein's invasion of Kuwait seemed to throw up the bit part Turkey wanted.
An investigation into the death of Christopher Lumbrera continues.
Parris and Coleman have charged that Trible is giving up his Senate seat to avoid a tough campaign against former Gov. Charles S. Robb, the Democratic nominee for the Senate.
Lawmen over most of this 1,000-mile-long state were on alert for Salcido, whose 10-year-old car was discovered abandoned 20 miles south in San Rafael.
Presuming that Williams was Ms. Stone's father, the appeals court said she had waited too long before suing.
When the time came to give her a special surprise, Peter decided the party would be at Leon's.
Her performance reminded many of Louise Fletcher's acceptance of her 1976 best actress award for "One Flew Over the Cuckko's Nest."
George Marshall's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy.
Mead said his parishioners have asked.
"I am ready to sit in an international conference with Israelis, no matter whom they send," Arafat says in an interview in the Nov. 7 issue of Time magazine.
Dissident groups charged that a special police unit, the Joint Investigation Team, set up earlier this year to suppress violent anti-government groups, may have been involved in Lee's death.
But it will include trimming purchased material costs, eliminating "internal inefficiencies" and "redundancies" and improving controls on product design and manufacturing costs in Chrysler's vehicle-making and selling operations, the company said.
Byrnes works in the department's lands division, Howard is special counsel for personnel and Christina is a deputy in the Office of Legal Policy.
Daimler, West Germany's largest industrial group, climbed 12 marks to 620 ($360) after surging 20 early in the session.
The Du Pont Co. said Wednesday its second-quarter profit jumped 27 percent because gains in a number of key businesses.
No estimate exists for a magnitude 7 quake.
Oakland County Prosecutor Richard Thompson said the ruling left many moral, medical, ethical and religious issues unsettled.
Litton Industries Inc. received an $11.1 million Navy contract to repair aircraft navigation equipment.
Previous recipients of the award include Gregory Peck, James Stewart and Lillian Gish.
Police arrested four dissidents who brandished firebombs, took a secretary hostage and occupied a Labor Ministry office in Taejon, Yonhap said.
Obviously no precise projection is possible, but the death toll is staggering, with about 41,000 individuals killed monthly by heart attacks.
"The response has not been what Sears hoped for," said Scott Brandwein, executive vice president of Frain, Camins & Swartchild, one of Chicago's leading real estate brokers.
The action comes after revelations that Stanford was charging the government for such things as $6,000 to line Stanford President Donald Kennedy's closet with cedar, $7,000 to buy sheets for his bed, and depreciation on the university's yacht.
It said it received bids totaling $460 million, and that all bids it accepted were at 6.1%.
As for the south, it has changed almost beyond recognition.
He listed his home of record as Everett, Wash.
Mr. McNeill, 50 years old, has been in charge of the company's domestic construction operations.
Workers at Chrysler's four Canadian plants voted 96% in favor of the pact, which the union tentatively accepted Thursday.
But mostly it can be attributed to the ease with which an island state is able to limit immigration.
The non-callable notes are rated double-A-2 by Moody's and double-A by S&P.
There was no sign of forced entry at the office and sanctuary, housed in the basement of the college's student union, Oppenheim said.
During Bush's long opening remarks and Gorbachev's briefer response, Mrs. Gorbachev stood ramrod straight, clutching a black handbag in her right hand.
But yesterday, his hair was cropped short and he was clean-shaven.
A word processer sits on a table i her living room.
Its stake in Trafalgar House is viewed by many as another astute move. But as the group's percentage of earnings from Hong Kong declines, so will the level of its influence.
He engineered a huge defense buildup and ended the nation's post-Vietnam paralysis by projecting military power in Grenada, Libya and the Persian Gulf.
Even if Congress codifies the fairness doctrine, the matter isn't likely to be dropped.
"The power company is getting all the lines out of the way, the highway department is cleaning up the roads and the fire department is keeping an eye on peoples' property," Augusta Springs firefighter Frank Sours said early today.
A final decision is planned May 6.
"We are going to do it.
This year some agents are visiting families with a new life insurance video they can play on home recorders.
No longer confined to one industry or country, Atwood sees itself as a "driving gear" for all sorts of deals, in numerous industries and countries.
Ignorance about how to go about it is shared by employer and employee alike, Ms. Nadler says.
It slashed that proposal in late January to 10 cents on the dollar in cash when the airline emerges from bankruptcy protection, and another 70 percent over the following 10 years, without interest.
The company said Lowenbrau was Miller's only brand to have a volume drop.
The governor's office wouldn't discuss in any detail the audit's findings until the report is released Friday.
Defense attorney John Gill said the court automatically rejected defense arguments.
The troupe then embarks on a 20-city North American tour.
The trailer jackknifed and turned over so that the rig ended up skidding sideways, blocking both northbound lanes and the shoulder, Williams said.
The legislation provides only about one-fifth of the amount requested by the administration for a manned space station.
Bork said that if the Dukakis is elected to the White House, "the judges will effectively be chosen by Edward Kennedy," the liberal Massachusetts senator who is a ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee.
Of course, there's no such thing as free aid.'
"This incident has brought incredible devastation to regions of this state and will have long-lasting consequences," wrote Oral E. Freeman, chairman of the Permanent Fund board.
Sept. 17 _ Hugo hits British island of Montserrat.
Both the commission sources and the diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity.
During her monthly, 20-minute visit with Xu in October at Beijing's No. 1 Prison, a guard asked Xu if he acknowledged his crime.
Q. Mr. President, whom precisely are you criticizing when you say that the riots are not homegrown and not spontaneous? A. Well, we have had _ it's a little difficult for me, because I _ there's some things that I shouldn't be saying.
Both children were then suspended.
After spending a lifetime challenging the art world to reconsider all it has ever taken for granted, John Cage has written an opera.
The plan has been worked out under the auspices of the United Nations and is expected to be signed on Thursday.
Gabelli did not return calls for comment.
Among biotechnology companies, he likes Amgen and Biogen.
The drop stemmed mainly from huge losses at the Douglas Aircraft unit, which primarily builds commercial jets.
We quickly consigned an insurance salesman from Florida to be our "advance man," since he seemed most fit and least likely to lose the boards in the drink as we experimented with different, jerry-rigged configurations.
An omnibus veterans bill that included the cost-of-living increase died in the last Congress because of a dispute over benefits for Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange.
The trip is an exception to travel restrictions attached to his release on bail while he awaits a March trial on charges he helped the late leader of the Philippines, Ferdinand Marcos, and his wife, Imelda, defraud their national treasury.
Although the loss was small in relation to Rustenburg's estimated annual production of 1.4 million ounces, the company probably needs to buy platinum on the open market for a stockpile as a buffer against any future disruptions, he says.
It's being used exclusively for corn at this time because corn is the highest nitrate-consuming crop, Colburn said.
Yet they all agreed on the need to cut red tape and housing costs.
'They even offered us scones and cream tea.
Woerner, former German defense minister, led off the outdoor celebrations at NATO headquarters on an unseasonably cold day in Brussels.
But he became ill with a form of blood cancer while living in Rome this summer and was admitted to M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston three weeks ago.
Trading could also get a boost from proposals to reduce smog.
The American people deserve no less from their elected representatives.
Both Lafeyette and Pharoah get headaches when they hear the gunfire.
Iran and Iraq traded missile attacks, with Tehran radio reporting four dead in attacks on the capital.
The graves of the victims (of cholera, mostly) dot the landscape. The pass is now guarded by the Khyber Rifles, whose HQ is close to the top of the pass.
Doctors say the 3-year-old girl was alert and well Thursday, three days after she was found frozen and clinically dead in a snowdrift outside her mobile home in Elkins, W.Va.
We looked at Pegasus Opera, and found it very powerful, but a lot of these packages need a PhD to run them,' says Ian Napier, development manager of Adams Inns.
Wholesale prices of capital goods, namely machinery and transportation equipment, climbed 6.6% in March, compared with a 4% increase in March of 1989.
Fires also burned in Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Utah and Texas.
"We had to write the book for the technology we use," says Cannondale's president, Joe Montgomery.
Last week, in a similar trial, seven people who allegedly stole weapons from troops during the June 3-4 military attack on pro-democracy demonstrators were given jail terms of up to 13 years. Another seven who turned themselves in were let go.
A few miles south, down a gravel road near the community of Lane, George Bradshaw and his two mentally handicapped sons live in a trailer roofed by a plastic tarp, without electricity, drawing water from a pump up the road.
Business is booming, you might say, because along America's Nuclear Highway, Interstate 25, the local customers are not your average computer or stereo shops.
Temperatures remained in the 40s in the park Monday, keeping humidity levels at up to 50 percent, but the weather was expected to begin clearing Tuesday and temperatures were to reach 70 degrees by Wednesday, drying the area once again.
But just because something is good for your neighbour does not mean he will not resist if you seek to force it on him.
Mozambique still receives most of its military help from the Soviet Union.
But the problem is not that Americans are "lazy," as a Japanese politician has recently been quoted as suggesting.
But they quickly add that they are unwilling to bet on it ahead of the employment report.
Baker said on Tuesday the biggest favor the West could do for the Soviets would be to offer its advice to help Gorbachev achieve his goal of streamlining the Soviet economy.
Repeating an argument made during the eight-week trial, North's lawyers said he was mostly charged with activities that were "authorized by his superiors." "A prison sentence for Lt.
"I want to keep all the hope I can," said Town Marshal Elmo Gatlin earlier when asked of the little boy's chances.
Ion Ratiu, who arrived Wednesday, joined opposition parties in denouncing the decision of the governing National Salvation Front to compete in elections in May.
At this point Mr. Walsh, who is highly regarded in art circles and who is described as a cautious and careful museum executive, faced a decision.
No sign of Des Wilson going gently into that good night.
One promising area, he said, is environmental services.
"We are still working to see exactly how much money was involved, but it was many millions of dollars," Salazar said Wednesday.
As head of research, he announced a raft of new products in 1983.
House investigators are eager to ask Borders whether Hastings was aware that his friend was arranging a bribe for him.
In some distant corner of the mainland an older, more distinctive Greece, a Greece in touch not with its classical roots but simply its recent past, had to exist. It does.
Paying out bonuses requires a high rate of return.
It is expected to be enlarged from its current dozen members to include the heads of the 15 republic parties, although this is not specified in the published proposal.
Khazraji has been made a special military adviser to Saddam, believed a demotion for the military commander, the officials said.
But the case underscores how plaintiffs' lawyers are increasingly on the defensive about their fees.
Cupid has been working overtime in this southwestern Ohio town as Valentine's Day nears.
The company said Eli Lilly & Co. currently is the sales leader in the U.S. with its cephalosporin.
Traffic lights in Athens were knocked out, causing huge traffic jams in the city of 3.5 million people.
The cries are anguished now because the spending cuts that were supposed to be part of Reaganomics from the beginning are finally starting to take hold.
But President Fujimori was relying on APRA's support to pass several key packages of legislation, including approval of his hand-picked Central Bank president.
The company hopes the facility "will shortly resume full production and shipment," Mr. Wood told a group of U.K. analysts and fund managers here.
Practice Makes Perfect: the Role of the Family Health Services Authority.
More than 2.2 million people were registered, but voting was concentrated at a few locations, and many in the countryside had to travel more than 20 miles to cast ballots.
'Prices are simply outrageous,' says Mr Pradip Shah, managing director of Crisil, a credit rating agency.
Fate is cruel: Mr Lawson may be partly to blame, but Mr Major cannot avoid carrying the can for the depression that today threatens his political career.
U.S. law limits loan guarantees to $25 million per country per year.
On Monday, prison officials will begin to house up to 90 inmates in dormitories that have been housing 50 inmates, Coughlin said.
"Now we're doing it our way," Mr. Bachmann says.
A FRESH START may be offered to delinquents so deeply in debt that there is no way out, says the IRS's Keenan.
Monsanto exercised its option in mid-December of that year, and bought Exac for about $14 million.
Nika TV plans to use official television's communications initially but eventually is seeking its own satellite system.
Relatives of other Americans and foreigners stranded in Kuwait and Iraq by the invasion are desperately seeking news of their loved ones.
Indeed, administration officials acknowledged that the new diplomatic plan was announced after a meeting between President Reagan and congressional leaders because so many lawmakers had urged greater efforts to end the war.
"Our strength is selling computers, not being in the foreign-currency markets."
The court, without comment, let stand a ruling that files compiled by the National Collegiate Athletic Association and the Southwest Athletic Conference do not have to be made public under the Texas Open Records Act.
Federal prosecutors said that in 1984 McCormick told John Vandergrift, a lobbyist for the doctors, that his reelection campaign was expensive and that he had not "heard from" the physicians.
Analysts said the stock market would not make a healthy advance until volume increases.
The flurry of strategic steps began in April 1987, when a consortium led by the Swedish concern won control of France's state-owned Cie.
"I live close to the earth," notes the lookout, a 40-year-old who has a girlfriend in Greenville.
A day after declaring himself to be a life-long environmentalist, the Republican nominee traveled to Massachusetts and took a boat tour of the harbor _ an event aimed at making its pollution problems an embarrassment for the governor.
But Sun Microsystems has led a movement to offer less expensive workstations that are beginning to compete with IBM's PS/2 line and with Apple Computer's Macintosh.
Heavy snow in New England's mountains was expected to taper off today.
If true, this would double the reach of Iraq's missile arsenal.
Those for strict interpretation quote an article by Alexander Hamilton in The Federalist.
WITH CHRISTMAS just around the corner, marketers are fretting about how big a toll the stock market crash will take on consumer spending.
Average daily circulation was about 600,000 during October, he said.
In its annual report, the waste disposal concern disclosed that its Environmental Impairment Liability insurance coverage was dropped by a group of U.S. insurance companies last April.
A woman who answered the company's telephone Tuesday refused to discuss the case or refer the call to someone who would.
He didn't say when he would return to Hungary.
Two-way trade, which totalled Dollars 3.2bn last year, is evenly balanced.
The dollar shed nearly three pfennig and about one and a half yen overall, surprising many traders who had expected the U.S. currency to test the upper end of its range.
It was built against the odds in 1940 and saved from destruction 25 years ago.
Berdella moved to Charlotte Street about 16 years ago.
The inmates had to cut through bars on the cells, break a window, cut through bars outside the window and cross a fence to get away, Howell said.
"Most of what Greenspan said was constructive, but not surprising," said Mr. Solloway.
By official count, 12 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded in violence since Sunday when Tibetans marched in Lhasa, demanding an end to nearly four decades of communist rule and the return of their spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama.
The West German chancellor, on a three-day visit to Washington, also told Shultz that Bonn would accept modernization of short-range missiles, but that it first wanted NATO to chart a comprehensive arms-control strategy.
El Universal said parents were alarmed by the reports, despite denials by local officials.
But others disagree; for them, Friday's market was just a brief correction.
"The pressure is on them and we are closing in," he said.
The Mafia allegedly ordered the judge's death after he refused to let the Mafia sway him in issuing a sentence. The murders of Mafia investigators Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino has also fuelled anger against the Mafia across the island.
Nome, which looks onto the frozen Norton Sound, took on a party atmosphere helped by sunny skies and temperatures in the 20s.
The search is continuing for two other people who lived with the suspect, police said.
You have a baby!'
Taxable yields have been falling steadily for months, along with all short-term interest rates.
In 1986, AT&T rejected making personal computers at its Little Rock, Ark., factory, in favor of being supplied by Olivetti.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, the group said that each of its members has executed an irrevocable proxy whereby any two of the members would have the power to vote all the group's shares.
As previously reported, the Securities and Exchange Commission said last summer that Gemcraft had improperly hidden from shareholders the fact that Gemcraft was obligated under certain conditions to repurchase the land.
During the first years of his exile in France, Tarradellas was arrested at least 14 times by the Nazi Gestapo and the French police.
But Vickers also said he planned to file an appeal today protesting the original judgment that awarded the building to Walter DeBow.
He said the prisoners are being held by the Nicaraguan Resistance, an umbrella group of forces fighting to overthrow Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista government.
As previously reported, the Canadian government earlier this week ordered the banks to more than double their current loan-loss provisions to between 30% and 40% of all loans outstanding to 34 less-developed countries.
"We'd like Congress to take up the nation's energy policy now, before the ghost of the Valdez is gone," he said. "Because as long as that ghost is there, there's not going to be drilling up there.
Keating faces sentencing April 10 in a California state court on a fraud conviction in connection with the bond sales.
If it passes, the result could be the emergence of a state larger than Germany in territory and as populous as France.
Arguing that concern about the Japanese economy was the main reason why PGM prices had cracked, he said local producers would have to send a signal by closing shafts for the price to recover.
The Slough of Despond?
At the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday, wheat for December delivery dropped seven cents a bushel, settling at $3.5025 a bushel.
"If we're ever going to advance the sport, we've got to stop acting like criminals," he says.
Most war refugees living in Iran belong to Afghanistan's minority Shiite sect of Islam, which is practiced by most Iranians. Those in Pakistan are Sunni Moslems.
Factories, until now spared the worst of the austerity measures, would face the same power cuts as households, it said.
The same goes for his crowd-pleasing, special-effects-laden video featuring the Knowledge Navigator, which Mr. Sculley asserts "isn't a product announcement but isn't science-fiction, either."
He also is chairman of Fitzwilton PLC, a holding company with interests that range from a retail chain to a sign maker.
Mr. Saunders remains barred from leaving Britain.
When the purpose of the abstraction is to deal with people, however, there are potential dangers.
But others were anxious.
Under the direction of grounds superintendent Peter Hatch, the Northeast Vineyard laid out in 1807 was replanted with 21 vinifera varieties (only a few vines of each) in 1983.
"Our farmers get caught holding the bag."
If government could divert resources to the poor, then they would be pushed out of poverty.
A European trust company that Fluor declined to identify purchased the South African operations, the Fluor spokesman said.
Mark Van Dyke of the Joint Task Force Middle East, indicated Friday that "strong evidence" indicated the mines "came from the same source" as the ones the Navy found in September.
But Endara's support has been weakening and the U.S. military's continued role irritates nationalists.
Ian Story, an analyst with the stockbrokerage BZW Meares Ltd., estimated the financier could raise 2.9 billion dollars through the sale of assets.
Most of the remaining hostages are believed held by Shiite groups loyal to Iran.
Winderlich told a news conference that protesters also had broken into the building's section for counter-espionage activities but did not discover the identity of the section's workers.
Wigton and Tabor, now he needs to concede that it was also wrong to charge them.
On the other hand, Trans World Airlines says next year's pay depends on individual performance.
Then, with the city outraged over the murder of Mrs. Stuart, blacks said police were out of control, violating their constitutional rights and trying to intimidate them.
"They have made their concerns aware to us," said Bob Shabazian, a spokesman for the American Stock Exchange, where eight Nikkei put and call warrants trade.
Under the currency union, East Germans had their wages converted from nearly worthless East German marks to West German marks at an artificially high 1-1 exchange.
A 150-member regional force was dispatched to this island nation of more than 1.2 million to guard installations and relieve the local forces for patrols.
Some economists believe a weaker dollar will help prop up exports by making U.S. products less expensive overseas.
The buyout plan is contingent on Allegheny receiving that waiver.
Jews say biases prohibit them from holding government jobs, getting promotions or gaining admission to universities.
The hulk of an abandoned car sits on one corner of the playing area. Squat, dilapidated homes line one side of the street.
In accordance with what might be termed Vorsprung Murk Technik, the Germans are customarily kept in the dark about road accidents in their country.
The receipt is recorded a month after the fact.
But reduced logging means that break-even point is seven to 10 years away. Elsewhere in Russia, environmental demands are important criteria when it comes to issuing rights to develop natural resources.
Analysts, nonetheless, said the decline would have little effect on the broader economy. 'We don't think it will have any economic implications except for confidence,' said Mr Paul Summerville, economist at Jardine Fleming.
Well, Mr. President, you've helped give the whole world a new birth of freedom.
The closing-night film will be Italian director Ettore Scola's "What Time Is It," which won the best actor prizes at this year's Venice Film Festival for stars Marcello Mastroianni and Massimo Troisi.
The draft bills specifically focus on one of the administration bill's key proposalsgranting oversight of futures margins to a federal agency.
The outlook for wheat prices at the farm also has brightened, reflecting brisk export demand and a reduction in once-awesome U.S. wheat stockpiles.
At the ceremony at Hradcany Castle, the seat of the president, Calfa pledged to help lead Czechoslovakia out of the debris of the Communist legacy, recalling the democratic tradition that prevailed before Communist rule.
And Nancy Hall, an industry analyst at Smith Barney, Harris Upham Inc., found the $960 million transaction close enough.
In other reports: _The Labor Department said new state unemployment claims for the week ending Oct. 7 grew 62,000 in a week's time to 396,000. That report amounted to a further indication of the economy's softness.
Gillette said that holders who want to retain their stock can sell the buy-back rights on the open market as the rights are transferable.
The army confirmed one Arab fatality and said it was investigating the circumstances.
Iraqi troops have sealed off the embassy since it refused to close in August.
The Eastern Europe of Vaclav Havel and Lech Walesa represents not the repudiation, but the fulfillment, of Roosevelt's purposes at Yalta.
The teachers want a 12.7 percent raise this year and are seeking class-size limitations and hiring deadlines for new teachers.
The FCC did not rule on whether Tariff 15 was legal at the time it was filed, which AT&T construed as a victory.
For travelers who don't want to lift a finger, there are tours by rail: Mexico's famed Copper Canyon with its 37 bridges and 86 tunnels; Canada coast-to-coast; a nostalgic trip on the Orient Express from Istanbul to Zurich, Switzerland.
Volume on the Big Board came to 45.15 million shares.
About a third of the staff stopped work at various times Monday morning but resumed after plant officials explained how the bonus was calculated, he said.
It stated: "Money isn't everything (Yeah right)." Efforts by the United States and Peru to agree on terms for a military aid program to fight drug smuggling have broken down, the State Department said Wednesday.
Britain's merchandise trade deficit widened to #1.16 billion ($1.85 billion) in May from #504 million in April.
The attack came the same day Colombians voted in a national election to choose 70 members of an assembly to rewrite the country's 104-year-old constitution.
In the first place, the protesters were demonstrating at a public function for which they received the proper political authorization; the march and demonstration that followed corresponded to the precise requirements of the Sandinista authorities.
Every venue is completed, tested and polished.
The government has concluded that both Eastern Airlines and its sister carrier, Continental Airlines, are safe to fly, but a bitter labor-management war at Eastern raises possible safety risks if allowed to continue.
The rights was well received in the City and it gave all of us a sense of pride. 'The more fundamental thing was George's legacy - it didn't all collapse when George himself suddenly disappeared.
Affected securities of Rochester Gas include single-A-minus senior debt and preferred stock and A-2 commercial paper.
It will be time to rake.
Pepperell, meanwhile, pressed the $62.50-a-share offer it raised yesterday.
An industry analyst, Robert B. Morris III in Goldman, Sachs & Co.'s San Francisco office, said the value of the operations isn't clear because AT&T hasn't disclosed their book value or earnings.
With Giesler's help, he beat the federal charges.
It is trying to agree redundancy with 150 branch managers within the next few months, and 120 computer and 80 clerical staff are also affected.
By settling, the company avoided $10 million in legal fees, Mr. Hirsch says, but the incident cost him $317,000 in bonuses and years of respect on Wall Street.
But even if she had been a public figure at the time of her father's prosecution, the appeal said, she was no longer when the book review was published.
It said the dead, taken to hospitals in Cairo and Ismailiya, included three women.
That's far below the 40-plus hours required at less advanced GM plants.
Russian suspicion of the West has historic roots that go deeper than Communism.
Chinese telephone operators often do not connect calls to the remote Himalayan region.
He was appointed chairman of the Texas Department of Human Services in 1987 and the agency's financial difficulties hang like an albatross around his neck.
In the West, Colorado next week and the Arizona caucuses March 7 are targets, but Mr. Kerrey can't afford to open too many fronts given his limited resources.
This year will be the most difficult.' Mr Cardoso do Amaral, of UAP, concedes the same point.
It is seen as vital to maintaining momentum toward a negotiated end to El Salvador's 10-year-old civil war, which has killed an estimated 72,000 people.
It is available on all types of mortgages, and no other policies are needed.
In New York trading, the dollar bought 158.15 yen, down from 158.30 yen late Friday.
Instead, the IRS will try to close the cases with data it has and notify the filers that no other action is needed.
"When you have to walk so far, you can't go into a place like that," Wilson said of the courthouse.
Stone was ordered to remain in custody until April 8, when he is next due in court.
Europeans are likely fully to understand America's carefree attitude to the dollar only if they finally achieve economic and monetary union.
Higher nominal interest rates, as well, would probably turn recession to slump and certainly drive the stock market lower. This week's stream of company news has not of itself been wholly bad.
Moreover, the survey found that only 10% of companies required managers to spend any time in development programs.
Quayle, in Utah for a fund-raising ski race, told a news conference he intends to go beyond fence-mending during three trips he plans to Central and South America over the next two to eight weeks.
That level was briefly exceeded yesterday as the market continued to defy bearish fundamentals and shrugged off a further rise in exchange warehouse stocks to a nine-year high.
A successful touchdown on Santorini (Thira) would more than triple the exisiting record of 22.5 miles for straight-line human-powered flight, set by Bryan Allen piloting the Gossamer Albatross across the English channel in 1979.
Contra leaders said last week that nearly all 12,000 of the rebels in the camps had returned home.
His fee from this case alone could catapult him onto the Forbes list of the 400 richest Americans.
What has kept the Tamil insurgency alive more than anything else is India, home to 50 million of its own Tamils.
If companies reduce the stock-option portion, they'll have to offer more cash to new employees, predicts Steven Garfinkle of Richards Consultants, a Wellesley Hills, Mass. search firm.
Military police launched an investigation into the incident, the officials said.
Last August, Hafnia Holding, Baltica's main domestic rival, suspended payments after its equity capital was wiped out by losses on strategic shareholdings in Baltica and the Swedish insurer, Skandia.
Mr. Lobato, who with his wife, LeAnn M. Lobato, owns 28.9% of the company, said it "lacks competent management and internal controls."
Analysts say the 10-term lawmaker is in danger of losing his seat in western Shiga Prefecture.
A Soviet diplomat arrived here Wednesday to discuss a troubled peace plan for Namibia in what was the first official visit to South Africa approved by Moscow in 33 years.
That approach intensified after the 1985 introduction of the reformulated new Coke, and the consumer firestorm that resulted in the return of the original formula (now called Coke Classic).
Markets don't go down in a straight line." The stock market rallied and oil prices eased as the world's battered financial markets gained optimism that a Middle East war had been averted _ at least for a while.
After the candidates have sparred, reporters leap from their TV monitors into "Spin Valley," a corridor lined with TV cameras where aides descend to tell us what really happened.
These are code words of judicial activism, not part of the Eighth Amendment prohibition on "cruel and unusual punishment."
Coordination is to extend to zones of operation, task sharing, logistical support and information exchanges, according to a final communique.
Livestock receipts, a major contributor to the farm rally, are likely to edge up this year to an estimated $73 billion.
Few companies have cut back support, say public broadcasting officials.
The photographs, where white faces stare out in sepia tones, portrayed another facet of the major changes at Mather.
"The majority of viewers were tuned in to watch Mickey and Donald," he said.
The first group of the 3- and 4-month-old birds are scheduled to spend several weeks in mesh enclosures in the forest 75 miles northeast of Los Angeles.
Open up one of Doctorow's books and be prepared: Harry Houdini may come to visit; Emma Goldman might offer advice on love; and Admiral Peary may invite readers along on a trip to the North Pole.
U.N. Assistant Secretary-General Marrack Goulding told a news conference in the Iraqi capital that each side on Tuesday handed over the bodies of eight soldiers killed during the eight-year war.
He sits under a crystal chandelier in a room fit for a Hapsburg.
But the good news for travelers regarding MaxSaver fares translates into bad news for most business travelers.
"There's a real trickle-down going on," says Thomas Sherman, deputy budget director for revenue in Ohio.
The federal government is receiving roughly $9,000 per month from the midtown apartments, while they are costing the government about $27,000 per month, according to RTC spokesman Stephen Katsanos.
Three other bombs found outside Penguin bookstores in three other cities and towns were defused or otherwise made safe before they could explode.
Lithuanians rushed their new legislature into session to declare independence before Gorbachev could be elected to that post.
Big Board volume was an estimated 157 million shares, against 189.63 million in the previous session.
The explosions damaged walls and broke windows of an adjacent office and a home.
But he said, "I still haven't found language which is an adequate substitute." McClure said a study is needed of the grant-making process used by the National Endowment for the Arts.
D'Allest said Arianespace had 30 rockets under construction and was in the process of ordering 50 more.
It estimates that in the US there are 34 PCs per 100 citizens, in Europe 10 per 100.
The report indicated inflation was being held in check, giving the Fed more leeway to ease rates without fanning the fires of inflation.
Asked what will hold all this together, Mr. Kasputys cites three broad principles.
The Bharatiya Janata Party supports the plan, and the government has vowed to stop it until the matter is heard in court.
Koch, noting that Dukakis has slipped in the polls since the Republican convention, said Tuesday, "We've got to get that surge back.
Net reserves are now over Dollars 200m, up from Dollars 23m when Mr Paz Zamora took office in 1989.
But he said school officials thought the parents had a legitimate concern.
Negotiations have taken place, but one source said both sides remained substantially far apart as of Wednesday.
But the most important task at the arboretum may be breeding new plants.
Shifting part of the burden to taxation would not bring the real costs of the system down. Mr Johann Eekhoff, state secretary in the economics ministry, argues that it is essential to extend working lives, and counter the trend to early retirement.
And in an analysis of 60 cases assigned to summary trial, the judge concluded his court would save $20,000 a day in jury costs alone by avoiding full trials.
First-nine-month net was $295,000, or two cents a share, compared with a year-earlier loss of $4.5 million, or 24 cents a share.
The Parents Music Resource Center founded by Elizabeth "Tipper" Gore says it is promoting truth-in-packaging to help parents and their children deal with an entertainment culture that is increasingly violent and sexually explicit.
Although there are obvious winners, there are also losers.
Of penalties totalling UM450m imposed over the last four years UM156m remains unpaid. Foreign governments and multilateral agencies have been insisting on wide-ranging reforms of the Mauritanian fishing industry in exchange for major investment.
A man asks a friend why he is reading the front page of Scinteia, the Communist Party newspaper, so intently, when everyone knows that the paper publishes little real news.
The handsome, articulate Bundy, a one-time law student who became the nation's best-known serial killer, for years had cockily maintained his innocence in the string of killings for which he was a suspect.
She had been under psychiatric care for about eight months, Verrastro said.
Meanwhile, eight out of 10 use derivatives for asset allocation trades and only seven out of 10 use them for hedging purposes. However, while there has been an increased use of derivatives by pension funds the changes have been gradual.
Democratic presidential candidate Jesse Jackson denied Saturday that he had been hospitalized, although a campaign spokesman said he had been treated in San Francisco, possibly for a stomach ailment.
Mr Berlusconi can use only one card - the threat of early elections.
Today The Essential History Of Europe is about the French.
Later, Rose will force Ginny to remember just how abusive "Daddy" was; as time goes on, that word comes to have chilling, Sylvia Plath-like overtones.
Manufacturers Hanover Trust's long-term debt is currently rated single-A-1; C.I.T. is rated from double-A-3 to single-A-2.
The monument is a great rough granite shaft rising from a mound in the middle of a tawny clearing.
Miss Deng has survived a ban before.
The tax fears took L100 off Generali to L28,390 while Fondiaria fell L793 to L27,697. PARIS was lifted by a firm opening on Wall Street but volume was generated by big block trades in BSN, Lyonnaise des Eaux and Generale des Eaux.
Memel Jacobs is said by other sources to owe about $8 million to banks and other creditors.
In August, the statue of Josef Stalin was quietly removed from Shkodra, a northern town.
However she favoured a flexible approach that would help projects in frontier areas which might otherwise not be developed.
More than one-third of the Hondurans were from Puerto Cortes, a Caribbean port 135 miles northwest of Tegucigalpa, said Information Minister Nahum Valladares.
Notes taken at the meeting show that DeConcini suggested that Lincoln could increase its home lending in exchange for regulatory forbearance.
"At this point, everything is in motion to go ahead," Kirk said.
Four days hence, on Monday, the regular winter conference of OPEC opens and all 13 members will begin the effort to take official action on the problem of runaway production.
The news sent the bank's share price tumbling $6.50 to $74 after dropping $6.375 Monday.
That would yield earnings (based on the post-offering capital structure) of about 57 cents a share.
Tens of thousands of people poured into streets and parks of the capital today to celebrate reconstruction of the southern port of Faw, which was almost destroyed during the war with Iran.
Lifetime, owned by Viacom Inc., Hearst Corp. and Capital Cities/ABC Inc, declined to comment.
Mr. Berle vehemently denies such accusations.
A group led by George Soros, a New York investor, is recommending that Kansas City Southern Industries Inc. spin off its financial-services businesses as well as other units not related to its transportation business.
I don't know anything about skinning cats, but I do know there's more than one way to write a play.
Parris lost his position as minister and any hopes of personal recovery.
For instance the shortie jacket over legs alone became a sort of pretty coat-dress this time and in fact was cut sexily like a tulip.
Four new directors were appointed at this utility firm, increasing board membership to 16.
In a move that was anticipated, Chase Manhattan Corp. said it placed about $2.3 billion of loans to Brazil on non-accrual status.
Fifteen years after the first oil embargo, the U.S. economy has stopped making gains in energy efficiency, according to experts, who add that the country may be losing ground instead.
At the time Korczak was teaching medical students and operating a big, humanistic orphanage on the outskirts of Warsaw.
Schedule III, IV and V drugs pose a lesser danger and are deemed less subject to abuse.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, NCR closed at $55.25 a share, down $2.25.
Even then it would make little sense on the standard definition of public investment.
A strong life business adds another defensive dimension. But such theoretical considerations will carry little weight with anyone other than value funds.
But Cargill said it wasn't aware of the nature of the employees' violations at the time, and didn't benefit from, endorse or condone the activities in question.
Instead of the farm, his home is a plush mansion outside the capital.
The yield advantage of mortgage issues above Treasurys has moved to the narrowest level since March 1987.
Although they appreciate it, it's making the day-to-day operations very difficult.
However, he said he could envision West Germany helping the Soviets retrain thousands of soldiers returning from East Germany, who could face unemployment back home.
They include a reduction of state subsidies, increased taxes and higher interest rates.
We wear different clothes now and don't fish with spears."
Zhang Xuexin, a waiter at the Good Taste Restaurant in the Happy Valley district, expressed the feelings of many: "I'm terrified of what will happen when the Communists come.
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term.
Four finance ministers and three central bank governors have been defeated in the last year by inflation, which is running at 2,000 per cent per annum, and Brazil has slipped from being the world's eighth largest economy to be the 10th.
Having solved UK problems, it has potential in all its main markets.
Another problem for a capital-gains-tax cut is how much it would cost.
He was hit twice _ in the left breast and in the left arm _ but managed to stagger into a hallway before he collapsed, Goslin said.
If that money were ploughed back into roads, the AA argues, there would be no need for tolls.
Infra-red emissions are suppressed by a new optical filtering technique and colour contrast is thus improved and light reflection reduced.
One of the many companies controlled by Jaffe has sought to share in an Air Force program, under study by Congress, for developing the nation's next jet pilot training aircraft, according to numerous news accounts last week.
It's becoming a little weirder now. Before it was very melodic.
The state accused the three men of setting off a car bomb with a remote control device outside a house owned by the African National Congress in Bulawayo on Jan. 12, killing an unemployed Zambian who helped with the attack.
Mikhail Gorbachev's meeting with South Korea's president in San Francisco next week could eventually lead to diplomatic relations between the two nations and unification of Korea, a scholar says.
All of the comments came in advance of a Fort Worth Star-Telegram poll, released late Tuesday night, that showed Williams with a 45-41 percent lead in a survey that has a 3 percent margin of error.
The basic Amiga 2000 comes with two disk drives and one-half megabyte of memory, or 512 kilobytes.
Stories of hardships on the Great Trek and battles with African warriors have taken on mythical proportions for the country's 3 million Afrikaners, who dominate government and make up 60 percent of the white population.
I run in the park.
A gunman shot four people in a rampage through a hospital emergency room Saturday evening, and police worked to secure patients and staff from the marauder, a hospital official said.
The degree of regimentation matters; at three months children usually are removed from their families for all but a day a week.
Magma acquired the Robinson property in two transactions in 1990 and 1991 for about $55 million.
China, the capitalist countries of Southeast Asia and the West support a three-party resitance coalition comprised of forces loyal to Prince Norodom Sihanouk, the Khmer Rouge and Son Sann, a Western-leanding politician.
In another case in Clearwater, Fla., the high court's ruling supersedes a federal judge's ruling that the city can't force churches to disclose financial data if they accept donations, Kelley said.
The Fed appears to be allowing a key short-term rate to rise in a bid to restrain inflation.
"It goes with the territory."
The European aircraft-manufacturing consortium threatened legal action against the unidentified sources of the charges made Thursday by the Central Bureau of Investigation in New Delhi.
Millions of them may flood out of countries suffering from insufficient food, housing and jobs into those where conditions are better.
Reagan's final words, "God bless America," touched off a tumultuous demonstration on the floor, which erupted in even greater cheering as he was joined on the podium by the first lady.
Washington communications lawyer Tyrone Brown had been serving as publisher on a caretaker basis, Mr. Johnson said. He added that he hopes the magazine will break even in three years.
Its IPounds 100m cash hoard makes the company a financially solid business, but the market may get impatient if the continental expansion does not bring the expected rewards in terms of higher earnings.
He declined to explain why Carroon Lichtenstein was unacceptable.
She would have liked to rejoin the Kirov, she said, if only she was younger.
GM currently has an 87-day supply of its Pontiac 6000 model, for example.
GP Express, an independent airline serving much of Nebraska, estimates that nearly 40% of its revenues come from the subsidies that, in some cases, exceed the cost of a ticket.
Western diplomats here said this was a good possibility.
Overall, some forecasters say corporate profits fell to an annual rate of about $145 billion in the fourth quarter, down 12% to 15% from a year earlier.
The automaker said last week it had agreed to acquire the Tulsa-based Thrifty for $263 million.
They needed little persuasion, he says, to see the advantages of closer cross-border collaboration. A year ago, he set up eight 'core teams', covering KGFE's principal product categories and the main marketing functions.
Lozano testified that Lloyd's motorcycle headed straight at him in the wrong lane, and he fired instinctively.
ITT Hartford's profit rose 7% to $291 million from $271 million. ITT Financial's operating profit, however, was substantially below the prior year's.
Mongolia, ruled by Communists since 1921 and long a client of the Soviet Union, has cautiously followed the Soviet lead in embracing "perestroika," or reform, but apparently not quickly enough for some of its citizens.
'There are those in France who say France will disappear in the construction of Europe.
He once characterized his disagreements with Charles and David as business disputes and said he has "a great deal of respect" for his brothers.
The reporters wanted to talk about sex.
He also said many records of the old East German leadership were destroyed by the secret police when it became clear the Honecker regime was crumbling.
Merrill officials said the loans have been repaid, although they couldn't immediately say when.
Jurors who convicted a former Los Angeles policeman of murdering a Las Vegas socialite and two others decided Sunday the death penalty should be imposed for each of the three killings.
Critics said the decision was to prevent the committees in each of Poland's 49 provinces from becoming parallel, possibly rival organizations to Solidarity.
They have a problem, I don't have a problem," Rinehart said.
A spokesman for Kurdish rebels said Wednesday that Iraqi troops were massing for an all-out offensive against the guerrillas, who are supported by Iran.
His policy of glasnost, or greater openness, has encouraged more open public debate and a wide-ranging re-evaluation of Soviet history and future prospects.
But Yeager, the first man to break the sound barrier, has worked for the past six years as a consultant to Northrop Corp. of California, a competitor of General Dynamics Corp.
Gaviria was particularly critical of the country's largest guerrilla group, the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces, known by its Spanish acronym as the FARC.
He says he reassured Reagan administration officials two years ago that the declining dollar would eventually bring the trade deficit under control.
"This thing got to me emotionally," the judge said later. "I had to adjourn court for a while." He returned to the bench and ordered the clerk's office to prepare citizenship certificates. "They were up here in 10 minutes," Rubin said.
He is generally seen as the brains behind the military regime in Sudan, which gets about as bad a press as any except that of President Saddam Hussein in Iraq.
That nation is past." Mr. Pavlychko and some other Ukrainian officials are skeptical about the recently signed economic agreement, which they say isn't workable.
For the first 11 months of the year, orders were up 9.3 percent over the comparable period in 1987.
Randall Iwase, Dennis O'Connor and Jerry Souza were far behind.
Reporters were not allowed to cover the fund-raiser.
It's been proposed that hydrogen gas from such water splitting would become the nation's major fuel.
The International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which represents 8,500 Eastern baggage handlers and other ground services workers, wants $50 million in salary increases.
In these searches, investigators inspect plane crash sites, interview villagers who witnessed crashes and collect other evidence of missing soldiers.
The latest U.S. Treasury auction results also were ignored.
About 80 percent of the economy involves services: banking, the Panama Canal, construction and government work.
The government also sponsored an Olympic-style Pan-Korean athletic competition in late 1989 that drew 1,326 Korean competitors from 50 nations.
Three-month sterling cash closed a little softer at 6 1/8 per cent following the small shortage of Pounds 1bn forecast by the Bank of England.
Current best practice is to round up such small sums to Pounds 10.
The disk-drive maker said the new financing replaces a $35 million credit line with BankAmerica Corp.'s Bank of America unit and will be used for additional working capital.
Not only was it making heavy losses, it had become a symbol of what was wrong with much of European industry - it had superior technology but could not bring it successfully to the market. Its experience with video cassette recorders is a case in point.
Consolidated Rail Corp. raised its estimate of the price its initial public offering will fetch to between $26 a share and $29 a share.
I know everybody else does around here, but I don't.
They fell into oblivion after the 1929 crash.
Ironically, consumers may be courting food poisoning in their haste to get the looks and tastes of mother's kitchen without any of the bother.
Some say Signature may be sold to another computer company.
Mohammad Nabi Amani told reporters the bridge near Sarobi, about midway between the capital and Jalalabad, was destroyed Tuesday by explosives planted on the span. He said the bridge was one of about 100 on the paved highway.
'This man loved life, he was joyful.
Analysts give Bristol-Myers credit for producing a stream of experimental drugs for Alzheimer's disease, senility, stroke and learning problems.
Francis Krejsa has retired from TESCO.
Drexel Burnham lost a bid to disqualify Judge Milton Pollack from presiding over the SEC's civil fraud case against the securities firm and others.
He returned during a week in which scores of blacks died in the chronic factional fighting involving ANC supporters and rivals that has wracked black townships around Johannesburg for months.
Losses per share were 1.16p (earnings 0.72p).
Handwritten comments by Green's superiors in the margin of his reports praise his progress, saying "stay close to her" and "very good prospect." At one point, Green described his visits to Latta as a "cultivating job."
Annunzio is chairman of the House Banking subcommittee on financial institutions.
'There is no call for these skills elsewhere,' he said. Now he is a fish salesman in Loughbrough, a 15-mile drive from his home. What he misses most, he says, is the 'laughs with the lads'. Many ex-miners yearn for the team spirit of the pit.
Galan, the leading presidential candidate, was an outspoken foe of the drug traders.
He was the first person to stand trial on charges stemming from an FBI sting of statehouse corruption.
Unitrode had a profit of $411,977, or three cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier. Unitrode said the third-quarter loss stems from its semiconductor products division.
Jesse Jackson quietly ended his dramatic week in Atlanta saying his mission now is to help Mike Dukakis win the White House this year.
Something is going on.
"Every once in a while we do get a call from a community interested in enhancing its tax base," Sloan said in Washington. "But the reality is that most retirees don't move very far." Still, the biggest promotional obstacle may be the weather.
They get more exposure to the lower priced stocks, some of which are very good and some of which aren't."
Here's a guy whose got to have doubts given the fact that one of his close supporters tried to run a coup on him.
Snow plows could not keep up with blowing, drifting snow in many areas.
Both Mobil and Indian Oil had much to offer and much to gain at a time of growth in the region.
The long-range HH 53C helicopters, based in Woodbridge-Bentwaters in eastern England, had flown to Shannon International Airport on Friday night and took off early Saturday for the flight of more than 200 miles to the vessel.
EPA is under congressional order to have 175 underway by this October.
An NTT Basic Research Laboratories team led by Eiichi Yamaguchi published a report in April's Japanese Journal of Applied Physics saying they triggered a "gigantic" blast of one million to two million neutrons a second for two to three seconds.
A general strike Thursday in the occupied lands, called for by the PLO, seemed to be as widely observed as any such strike since the uprising began.
Its sharply increased use is indicated by the number of prescriptions filled, which rose 14 percent from 1983 to 1986; prescriptions for most drugs increase about 1 percent a year, according to federal statistics.
Certainly, Logan's new landing fees have drastically changed the costs of doing business at the airport.
Soviet and Swiss authorities have agreed to establish a joint-venture management school and research center in Kiev, it was announced Monday.
It closed at 757.5 per D-Mark. The lira speculation added to nervousness about the peseta and the Bank of Spain announced that it too was intervening to support the currency.
He said complying with Spong's request would "keep me from exercising the ministry I've been called to do." Church officials are investigating whether Williams misled the commission about his views during the screening process.
The workers in the canteen are the survivors, so far, of one of Britain's most dramatic redundancy programmes.
The Federal Aviation Administration, in another step designed to reduce the chance of air sabotage, soon will propose a computerized security system to tighten control over access to planes, the agency's director said today.
The scenario, played out 13 years ago in what became known as the Tiananmen Incident, is being repeated with haunting similarities as students mourn former Communist Party chief Hu Yaobang and demand political reforms.
She wants a roll-call vote on the old statute.
Police say the larcenous hopes of two boat burglars were dashed when they realized they were up a creek without a paddle.
But the quid pro quo from provincial leaders must be an agreement now to implement reforms which will prevent another boom-bust cycle.
A decline in the dollar's exchange value can raise the relative prices of imports and cause a higher price level just as a crop failure can.
Their leader, Aung San, negotiated the end of colonial rule and would undoubtably have become the country's first leaders if he had not been assassinated in 1947.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at 2959.75, a gain of 14.98 points.
Since the Oct. 19 stock market crash, nervous investors have poured a record $32.3 billion into money-market mutual funds from stocks and other investments.
He signed up his company to rent of one of the prestigious boxes at $25,000 a year.
How many asked an owner whether they could come and view the object no one knows.
Brown-Forman said First Boston Corp. has been retained to assist it in the search for a buyer.
There are a lot of really important issues and they had to light on that to talk about." Jones, whose training was on stage, mostly acts in movies and TV now. "The energy factor gets more and more difficult.
Debate was to continue Friday, with the Law on Land also on the agenda.
It quoted him as saying his information for the story came from a politician with extremely good royal connections who had correctly tipped him the previous year that Princess Margaret, the queen's sister, would get a divorce.
Paul said 'Go for it' and I did."
But in their hotel room, "what looks like a cockroach is scurrying across the floor," Mr. Miller recalls.
On his arrival from Poland, Walesa told a news conference at Heathrow Airport that he expected Eastern bloc defense budgets to decline gradually as democratic reforms are enacted.
Among active secondary issues, Government National Mortgage Association 8% securities for January delivery were up 6/32 at 100 21/32, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp.
I am putting out my hand to you, Mr. Majority Leader.
"If we are encouraged by their example to move from here to make this world a place of peace and love through the mutual service we give to one another, then senselessness will be turned into fullness of life," he said.
In both California and New Jersey, about a quarter of Democratic voters said they were not sure of Dukakis' ideology, less than in earlier races but still an indication he was somewhat ill-defined, said John Brennan, an ABC poll analyst.
The entire dispute settlement process of the WTO, one of the main US objectives in the launch of the Uruguay Round, could thus be put at risk.
Societe Generale's secretive and old-fashioned image has been fostered by its relations with the press.
We should already know all of that, he suggests.
"I don't think they're interested in a daily diet of this kind of thing and it's one of the reasons, at least at this point, the Republican campaign seems to be in trouble," Dukakis said in Boston.
They volunteered to let them search the car, their house, whatever," Anderson said.
But it expected considerably more public funds would be needed since many women who need better prenatal care live near or below the poverty line.
After 12 days and more than 90 hours of deliberations, the jury of nine women and three men in federal court in Manhattan said they were hopelessly deadlocked in a three-way split and U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe declared the mistrial.
This will pave the way for a new currency to be introduced.
Moore is the second West Virginia governor to be convicted of federal charges.
The company wants to offer portable-phone service through a network of more than 70 low-orbit satellites by the end of the decade.
Her two pet Maltese dogs, Sophie and Tati, scamper in to bark hello.
My wife received a mailshot from Bristol and West about a 10-year endowment savings plan with Eagle Star.
As of June 30, Midwest Financial had 4.5 million common shares outstanding.
Michel Aoun, whose 11-month mutiny in the Christian heartland was crushed by a Syrian-led military blitz.
The companies said distribution of the new vehicles would be split evenly between Chrysler and Mitsubishi.
"Contributing to the accident was the degradation of the captain's performance resulting from his use of cocaine before the accident," the board said.
The fact that the Stock Exchange will take no decision on the date of T+5 until October has been in the public domain for months.
After years of being passed over by the fashion establishment, the 48-year-old woman with the ever-youthful eye was named Designer of the Year Monday night at a star-studded charity gala at the Royal Albert Hall.
Sprint must cut costs at the same time.
Not bad for a 10-year-old kid with only eight fingers, eh?
"I have personally suggested to Mrs. Hollander that I thought it would be appropriate for the chairman of the board and me to meet with her and her husband and we have had no reponse, despite following up by phone," Mr. Jenkins said.
'But as its market erodes, it has a disincentive to fund the full range of work because its competitors can free ride.' By the new pattern in the US, aggressive small and mid-sized firms invest heavily in research, while the old giants hold R&D down.
That will be my views as to what has to happen _ hopefully within a month _ of 1990.
Prices last week were off 41% from six years ago and 11% from last year's sale.
Nine of the charges carry maximum penalties of five years in prison and fines of $250,000 each.
"Disappointment about the dollar's decline and also that the expected post-election rally failed to appear has put buyers on the selling side again."
The company stumbled last year because of a tough product transition and the recession, but he thinks it is back on track.
After four decades of communism in Eastern Europe, the first Peace Corps volunteers in Poland and Hungary are truly pioneers, Coverdell said.
The U.S. must also demand removal of hundreds of Soviet advisers, the cessation of military supplies and a review of treaties that might tie Afghanistan inextricably to Moscow.
Hasenfus, the sole survivor, was joined in the suit by the family of co-pilot Wallace Sawyer Jr., who was killed in the crash.
The role of precedent is different in cases interpreting a written Constitution.
In fact, 28 of them, run consecutively, like a long prison sentence.
A group at the University of Rochester said it was able to conduct pulses of electricity as short as 10 to 15 trillionths of a second without distortion through a sample about one-fifth of an inch long.
His tan slacks and blue worker's jacket, saved from before he went to prison, were loose on his slight frame.
Then-GSA Administrator Gerald P. Carmen dismissed Berube after he alleged that many federal buildings in Washington posed serious fire and health hazards.
"Lechmere is growing and profitable and we are pleased that the company will continue to serve its customers," Allbright said.
Fixed annuities traditionally have been regarded as insurance contracts because investors never risk their principal.
Abbott Laboratories said a preliminary injunction enjoining it from selling several products at the center of a patent dispute with Eli Lilly & Co.'s Hybritech Inc. unit won't have a significant impact on future sales or earnings.
The dollar fell especially sharply against the yen. Gold prices drifted slightly lower yesterday; oil futures were mixed.
Hotel manager Gary Cooper said the sound of the first explosion awakened him.
But doctors at Newington believe she has gotten worse, said Thomas Hanley, a hospital spokesman.
Rice said he created the contest to provoke San Jose State students to approach writing playfully and with a sense of whimsy. A campus literary organization is named the Bulwer-Lytton Undergraduate Society.
Peter Merner of Merner Research bets it hasn't.
Admittedly opinionated on the matter, he cites all manner of violations he has witnessed.
It was founded following a recommendation of the National Academy of Sciences that an American oceanographic lab was needed on the East Coast.
Other states with a high share of outbound households were Iowa, Wyoming, Louisiana and West Virginia.
Gov. Richard Celeste, who toured the area for the second time Saturday, repeated how shocked he was at the destruction.
He said a few churches _ "not of too much historical importance" _ were destroyed for the project, while at least eight others have been moved so that they are now hidden behind the new buildings.
The congress on Sunday voted to continue party politics at factories and work shops.
Two years ago, I arranged to make additional voluntary contributions (AVCs) to my employer's pension scheme.
THE International Monetary Fund will seek approval for two measures to support developing and former communist economies at its annual meeting this month.
He announced he has wrested a promise from the Reagan administration to promptly release two reports bearing on alleged Soviet violations of arms control treaties and the effectiveness of proposed verification of Soviet compliance with the new treaty.
Mr. Lange added that the weak volume of the past two trading days is important to a continued rally.
Two former Greek socialist ministers left Baghdad on Sunday after seeking the release of the hostages.
It also claimed the holders of a preferred stock issue it is attempting to have invalidated provided a 318,000-share block favoring Irving.
The army was reportedly poised for a crackdown.
Now he is a park ranger stationed there.
A company launched by Lepercq two years ago already operates 12 child-care centers in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, with three more set to open this fall, and plans for more elsewhere.
Sawyer was a South Side alderman for 16 years before becoming mayor.
The dollar's decline was attributed partly to speculation that West Germany and Japan might hike their interest rates, and to reports that Japan's central bank was continuing to sell dollars to knock the currency down.
After the Series, Joe Jackson wrote Comiskey offering to tell how the games had been played. Comiskey never answered him.
Costs rose 5% to $2.6 billion from $2.4 billion in the quarter.
Any wheel that is about to lock up and skid has its brake released until the tyre grips again.
The index "is rising very modestly," said Michael Penzer, senior economist at Bank of America in San Francisco.
American is hoping that this two-for-one promotion will attract business travelers in much the same way the European fare cuts it initiated last week are expected to fill leisure-class seats.
"The stuff they play now isn't music," contends Jackson Parker, who sits in the second row, where they apparently don't mince words.
Should foreign airlines be required to do the same thing?
In a joint statement, Rubin and Friedman said they "look forward to continuing on the course that we have set and followed together." Weinberg joined Goldman Sachs in 1950 and became a partner in 1956.
The smaller plane was flung nose-first into a blast fence, but the only two people aboard, the pilot and co-pilot, walked away and did not require medical attention, authorities said.
The four characters screw each other and themselves to perfection but the moral survives beneath the wit in the audience's total identification with the only decent character, an unemployed birdwatcher.
A general strike against school closures virtually shut down the occupied lands.
In addition, the banks said, the Bank of Delaware Corp. granted PNC Financial an option to purchase up to 1.6 million shares of Bank of Delaware stock at 0.7 times the market price of PNC Financial common stock at the close of business Wednesday.
He relinquished that party post in February.
Persian Gulf-based Arab diplomatic sources have estimated that at least 200 people were killed or wounded during the Iraqi invasion, but could not confirm the higher casualty figures.
The announcement is the latest in a series of international ventures Mr. Maxwell has been working on recently.
Radio Caritas news director Benjamin Fernandez said the order from ANTELCO's department of radio communications limits how far the station can broadcast.
During the weekend, Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady commented that the initial report on third-quarter economic growth, due out this morning would show the rebound is under way.
He also said he wanted to acquire sophisticated weaponry sufficient at least to equal Israel.
'Peace means change, but change should follow a proper defence review to define the country's new role in the international arena.
The rulings, if upheld, could lead to punitive duties on the imports, which were valued at more than $1.3 billion in 1988.
It does, however, reflect something of the changing nature of graduates that the accountancy firms are now seeking. The supply of graduates seeking accountancy jobs has probably never been higher.
Elf fits the description."
At GE's $5 billion-a-year plastics division here, officials say manufacture of recyclable plastic resins will be crucial to long-term success.
Thus the company currently has major projects under way to boost its production capacity both in Japan and in the U.S.
Two employees of the center were indicted earlier this year by a Rhode Island grand jury on charges of sexual abuse.
'I would not feel right about taking that money out, while the people were still walking,' said Mr Heiligbrodt. SCI's offer closes on August 20.
Mr Francois Leclercq, CTL managing director, said Germany might be added but it was proving difficult to obtain attractive rates for German destinations. Journey times should be about half those by road and much less than the time taken by rail and ferry.
"What's new is that they (the researchers) looked at the sites of shedding in women," said Dr. Stephen Straus, head of medical virology at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in Bethesda, Md.
Mr. Mitterrand appointed a minority Socialist government that will have to negotiate support in parliament either with the centrists or the Communists.
It was never supposed to be a clone of `The Tonight Show.'"
"It was hard work, sheer determination, a little bit of luck," Lewis said. "We were able to weather all of those storms.
Exempted from the new government would be three of the county's four current incorporated cities: Folsom with 26,000 people, Galt with 7,500 and Isleton with 925.
In Shanghai, more than 1,000 students marched late Sunday from Fudan University to Tongji University, singing former odes to revolutionary leader Mao Tse-tung but substituting Hu's name.
Gejdenson and other lawmakers have long urged the NRC to impose strict drug and alcohol standards instead of leaving it up individual utilities.
He acknowledged that many Stasi members were innocent of wrongdoing, but added: "Purposely committed illegal wrongs cannot be allowed to be swept under the table." Horst Ehmke of the main opposition Social Democrats also blasted the suggested amnesty.
"Everything is revolving around the discount rate," said Ezra Zask, senior vice president and global foreign exchange manager at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh.
Mr Hamilton said a number of respondents had argued this would be unjust and might lead a company to abandon a practice that was later found not to be against the public interest.
Investors often regard the dollar as a safe haven in times of international tension.
It will operate the service with 16 flights.
Al-Shiraa gained international fame in November 1986, when it was first to report on the secret U.S arms shipments to Iran in return for the release of hostages.
Born in Sekhukuneland in northern Transvaal on July 26 1924, the son of a migrant laborer, Motsoaledi worked in Johannesburg as a servant, and in boot and furniture factories.
Textron said the strength of its aerospace/technology and consumer products businesses, as well as the Ex-Cell-O acquisition, were responsibile for the improved results from continuing operations.
"That constitutes the largest operating budget in the history of the National Park Service and represents 29 percent post-inflation, real growth over the past seven years," Horn said.
Germans are uncertain which former Stasi leaders they should prosecute.
Stocks and the dollar were mixed and bonds eased.
He was hospitalized at St. Mary Desert Valley Hospital after complaining of stomach pain.
Song Ping, 72. Having studied agriculture at Beijing and Qinghua Universities, Song was among the better educated of the early revolutionaries.
Iran said today's ground assault retaliated for Iraqi chemical bomb attacks last week that killed 5,000 Iraqi Kurds whose hometowns were overrun by Iranian troops fighting with the autonomy-seeking Kurds.
In a letter to the company's board of directors, United Airline's pilots, flight attendants and Machinists said they were prepared to negotiate as a group for the acquisition of stock through one or more employee stock ownership plans, or ESOPs.
But even some of the leaders refuse to take things too seriously.
The 1- by 3-inch video camera is guided down clear plastic tubes inserted in the bean rows and used to record root growth from a few inches to more than 3 feet below the surface.
One hundred percent of its graduates go to college, a majority to Ivy League schools. The football team has a 91 grade average and scored an average of 1,300 on national Scholastic Aptitude Tests; the national average is 903.
Prime Minister Sadek Mahdi initially refused to submit the agreement to his Cabinet for endorsement.
But even by movieland's standards of maudlin self-massage, My Life is heavy-duty material. Keaton does his best with the terminal make-up and stoical wisecracks.
But the tens of thousands of students have succeeded in breaking through the accepted barriers on political discourse and have altered, perhaps permanently, the terms in which Chinese speak of their leaders.
They did not criticize the trial procedures, saying the judge and jury behaved scrupulously, and they did not say whether they supported outright acquittal or a retrial.
Six-year-old Dragonair doesn't disclose its load factors or its profit.
They hope to make the repair on the pad and avoid rolling the shuttle back to a hangar, a move that could delay the flight by as much as two months.
When the mutual fund industry assembles next week in Washington for its annual meeting, the mood won't be as glum as might seem likely.
Attempts to reach Gilbert at his home were unsucessful.
In the past, the hated secret police, popularly known as "Stasi," used repressive measures to help ensure 40 years of Communist control.
Police who scrambled to find a gunman after a flood of callers reported gunshots got their man _ but it turned out to be a car.
People are always saying, `How could this happen?'
"I have no knowledge of any investigation of me or my office," he said in a telephone interview.
The sentence followed a hearing before Bell in which Chambers' attorney, Jack Litman, complained that the probation report on his client was "slanted" and asked for an opportunity to answer charges made by the prosecution in the report.
The survey of 750 adults, conducted by telephone between April 23 and April 26, has a margin of potential sampling error of plus or minus 4 percent.
I am sure there is an explanation as to why taxes have to be raised in Germany to pay off the debt, but I know I won't understand it.
But in a market glutted with moribund companies, Mr Landau found it surprisingly difficult to find a suitable vehicle.
My hosts assured me I could jump on the mid-afternoon ferry to Hong Kong from the Shekou terminal at the western end of Shenzhen.
It then expects to decide by Christmas. The Railtrack privatisation is the last significant sell-off for the foreseeable future.
Grades 7-8: General math, pre-algebra and algebra (two of the three).
Striking workers at 10 San Francisco Bay area cemeteries said Sunday they would return to work Monday after accepting an agreement worked out with graveyard owners over the weekend.
"We've looked pretty hard at what resources are available," says Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger, "and we have one hell of a budgetary problem."
The original expiration date was Feb. 13.
All of that, however, leaves some Brazilians deeply worried that Marinho has far too much influence for Brazil's good.
So there is no need to be rushed by enthusiastic, commission-hunting intermediaries. But delay can mean that, if the employee does eventually invest in a life company pension contract, there is less time for the underlying fund to grow.
If diseases such as Aids and tuberculosis are to be controlled, other donors and institutions need to put greater emphasis on supporting cost-effective health services, it says. Investing in health.
"The history of successful economic reforms shows that as a rule all of them were carried out with the involvement of significant volumes of foreign assistance," Mr. Yavlinsky said in his report.
West Point-Pepperell said it plans to begin a tender offer for all of Stevens stock at $62.50 a share in cash, but would increase its offer to $64 a share if Stevens recommends the offer.
With martial law declared in some parts of the capital, Beijing Mayor Chen Xitong said foreign reporters were forbidden to conduct interviews or make tapes or videos on the streets or at government offices, schools, factories and mines.
But the foundation stopped short of recommending state takeovers of local districts.
Corporate interest income totaled $180.7 million in 1989, down 2 percent from 1988.
For the past year, analysts have complained that Pfizer isn't working for its holders: The company refuses to divest its non-drug lines, as others in the industry have done, and Pfizer generally eschews stock buy-backs.
HALL & TAWSE, the const ruction division of Raine Industries, has won hospital development contracts worth Pounds 7.3m. An orthopaedic centre and two operating theatres are being built at Woodend Hospital in Aberdeen by Hall & Tawse Scotland.
And this time, there was expected to be open division over whether to annul the party's legal monopoly on power.
"There's a feeling in the industry that growing generic competition and a recent trend in high-volume purchasing of drugs by insurers is going to eventually choke off the ability to raise prices," he says.
"We've always believed that we were one step away from annexation and we couldn't stand up to the Americans in a fair fight," he says.
In April, the Seto Ohashi, or Great Bridge, comprised of six suspension bridges reaching five small islands in the Seto Inland Sea, will open to both rail and vehicle traffic between Honshu's Okayama region and Shikoku Island in southern Japan.
Trading in vouchers is illegal. Risk extends to all manner of financial services.
The book has "sold more copies in one day than most of our books sell in a lifetime," Oeste said.
Cytemp, which has three plants and 1,200 employees, is one of five operations Cyclops has said it planned to sell.
This could lead to labor unrest in Chile," Mr. Demler said.
The excess cash is what Philip Morris will have left over after taking care of dividend payouts and what it believes are its needs for internal reinvestment.
The two paragraphs were there, there was just a lot of other stuff in between," she said.
He said Friday that he also has asked the planning agency's Mr. Kondo to go to the U.S. early this month to explain the package to members of the Reagan administration and Congress.
But the Rev. Sam Johnson, pastor of Heritage Village Church at PTL and president of Heritage Ministries, told The Charlotte Observer that he hasn't given up his hope to buy PTL's headquarters in Fort Mill, S.C.
By being so conservative under the leadership of John G. Medlin Jr., chairman and chief executive officer, Wachovia has managed to avoid the real-estate loan problems that plague most of the other Southeastern superregionals.
Mr Sean Henry, administrative director of Lastolite, a photographic equipment company based in Coalville, Leicestershire, said: 'In Germany it's quite common for a bank manager to be on the board.
Mr. Zwart is president of General Investment.
Critics said the homosexuality measure, known as Clause 28, was a setback for gay rights in Britain and a swing toward authoritanian rule by Mrs. Thatcher and her government.
Hyatt alone is building three such resorts in Hawaii, including one that will feature a swimming pool nearly an acre in size, with waterfalls and swim-up bars.
Big printers have made major capital investments in satellite and printing technologies, enabling them to expand far beyond Manhattan's Varick Street, the area which is to printers what Madison Avenue is to advertising firms.
The facilities are owned by the Daewoo group, one of the country's largest conglomerates.
This fundamental difference, almost too obvious to mention, gets lost when experts start examining the Soviet Union with a microscope to study perceived changes and prescribe Western responses.
Beyond that, it is too early to comment on anything."
"Has always reminded me of burnt toast," offered a third.
By nightfall Tuesday, firefighters had bulldozed lines around more than 35 percent of the 90-mile perimeter of the blaze.
Counterdemonstrators also claimed success, citing their large turnout.
The Gap has already consumed Dollars 9bn, much of it financed from the state budget.
For, if this magnificent exhibition at the Academy does nothing else, it demonstrates for ever the absurdity of the distinction that would make oil on canvas inherently superior to water-colour on paper, simply because it is oil on canvas.
A man from Illinois and a woman from Washington have reached the summit of Mount Everest, the world's tallest peak, the Tourism Ministry announced Tuesday.
Leningrad Communist Party chief Anatoly Gerasimov lost overwhelmingly to a shipbuilder who took 74 percent of the vote in the nation's second-largest city, Tass said.
The Post, Israel's only English-language daily, was purchased last year by the Canadian newspaper chain, Hollinger Inc.
The capital entitlement of the shares is more complicated.
Lance Wilson, Pierce's one-time executive assistant, told a House subcommittee Friday that he was asserting his Fifth Amendment rights because the conduct of panel members convinced him he would not receive a fair hearing.
The index rose at a 3.5 percent rate in the first quarter.
But on Sunday, apparently understanding that most Soviets don't believe the hard-line version, television ran a softer film that purported to show both sides of the story.
Target's operating profit was down because of increased discounting and additional expenses for a new distribution facility in Tifton, Ga., and new customer service programs, the company said.
They were afraid that vandals had untied the lines and the boat was heading out to sea.
"A lot of people will be coming up with a variety of ideas" for altering the tax bill if the economy goes bad, says Sen. John Danforth (R., Mo.).
Osuna's sister-in-law, Margarita Ramos Saucedo, 20, was among the first to fall to the ground.
The tender offer was launched through New World's Marvel Entertainment Group Inc. subsidiary, which was included in the injunction issued Friday.
Systemwide, the Miami-based carrier also has added new restrictions to its cheapest ticket requiring seven-day advance purchases.
But whether the technique catches on may depend on how many radiologists embrace it, as they must perform the task of inserting a catheter through the skin and into the patient's gallbladder.
Red cells can't be right now." Despite screening, a tiny risk remains of getting AIDS from a transfusion.
Last July Northrop removed the manager and three employees from a Pomona, Calif., electronics plant, citing "irregularities in the testing" of equipment.
At first reluctant to see their lives on the screen, the family was _ and still is _ pleased with the film.
Formerly of "Entertainment Tonight," Whatley is film critic for WCVB-TV, the ABC affiliate in Boston.
International Controls jumped 5 1/4 to 39 3/4 on 272,400 shares.
The couple love reminiscing about the festival with visitors, but they know enough not to bring up the name "Woodstock" to longtime Bethel residents.
Russia's economy looks in better shape than it has since independence.
What he had called them about, it quickly transpired, was a great chance to make some easy bucks in Allis-Chalmers stock.
In the early '70s, he worked occasionally with organist Merl Saunders and Grateful Dead guitarist Jerry Garcia.
The national group's newsletter carries a column entitled "Saints of the Closet?" which profiles the lives of saints thought to have been homosexual.
But the campaign collapsed when Tehran abandoned the Kurds in exchange for Iraqi territorial concessions.
Prosecutors said Terry wanted to start a new life and leave insurance proceeds to his family.
'I just want to say: can we all get along?
Lord Fawsley said a change in the commission's powers should be made and 'buildings should be listed if it so recommends'. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, however, has rejected his call.
Sosa said he has decided to close the embassy on Aug. 31 because Sept. 1 is the date on which Delvalle's term was scheduled to expire.
The revised preamble was adopted by the country's National Assembly last Thursday on the closing day of its winter session.
The shares fell 12 to 657p. Royal Insurance moved 4 ahead to 319p, following a recommendation from NatWest Securities.
Paisley, assistant secretary of the Navy for research, engineering and systems from 1981 to April 1987, is now a Washington consultant to numerous defense contractors, including McDonnell Douglas Corp. and United Technologies Corp.
Caldwell told authorities he saw a young man jump into his car and drive away.
In his short term as Moscow party chief, Yeltsin was a close supporter of Gorbachev, especially of his calls for greater openness.
Victims of gastrointestinal anthrax, in which the disease infects the stomach and intestines, died within a two days of toxic shock, Nikiforov said.
Hughes Aircraft Co., a unit of General Motors Corp., got a $29.4 million Army contract for the position-location reporting system.
But her Latin lothario has seriously misled her all these years, both about his love for her and about the true circumstances of that terrible drowning. Mickey hides in the trunk from police, which Augusta promptly dumps overboard.
His practice focused on antitrust litigation.
The Peruvian government has said that since the group turned from propaganda to violence in May 1980, it has killed more than 15,000 people and caused more than $10 billion in damage.
When you use a wrench or pliers on a kitchen fixture, put adhesive tape or something similar on the nut to keep it from getting chewed up.
Clearly, the Honda Accord will be a rival if company fleet managers can be convinced a Honda really is British.
IN the past, there have been complaints that the visual arts at the Edinburgh Festival have not sufficiently reflected the state of Scottish art past or present.
The trucking industry is clearly vulnerable as well," Mr. Burnley said Friday at a news conference here.
The company's announcement implied that it would be asking that the investor group making the offer comply with SEC filing requirements before pursuing the merger offer.
But it fell into the minus column after profit-taking developed in shares of securities houses, drug makers, real-estate concerns and other companies.
Sales of cars and light trucks built in North America fell 15.4% early this month from a year earlier.
Congressional tax writers estimated that the change will raise $60 million in additional taxes in the next five years.
Principal Vincent C. Haydock was suspended for three months.
In the process, 84 quarter-of-a-century-old pin oak trees were removed.
European Community foreign ministers endorsed proposals for the EC's stance in international talks on agriculture, including some cuts in farm subsidies.
"Of all the names, 'the Redskins' is probably the most racist," he says.
She said the body of the child, identified as Michael Mills, was recovered from a depth of about 200 feet.
The opposition made a strong comeback in legislative elections in April, stripping the governing party of its parliamentary majority for the first time in South Korea's 40-year history.
Munteanu was hospitalized and then detained.
Attorney David Kairys said many of the legal flaws found by U.S. District Judge Charles R. Richey in agent Donald Rochon's complaint can be corrected and the case will go forward.
The Soviet Union was said to have dropped its objections to a Pakistani proposal to let U.N. mediator Diego Cordovez play a role in getting the process under way of forming a transitional Afghan government.
The English players face expulsion from international cricket for five years for taking part in the tour.
From 1971 to 1978, he served as general manager of the Columbia project.
Energy futures moved higher in quiet trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
But 70 foreign stock managers monitored by Intersec Research, Stamford, Conn., racked up median returns of only 11.3%.
On the other side, Arturo Hernandez Grisanti, the oil minister of Venezuela, who had aggressively sought production cuts, called the agreement a reasonable outcome.
Although the ticks that carry the ailment live on deer in their adult stages, Lyme disease is transmitted by bites from immature ticks, which feed primarily on mice.
Japan joined it in 1980, but reserved the right to continue importing products made out of hawkbill and olive ridley catches.
The respite was short-lived, though, as sales plummeted to 560 in September, 787 in October and 483 in November.
Our uniform position was that we will not go up on the (income tax) rates, no matter what," said Packwood, the senior Republican on the Senate Finance Committee.
Japan's truck market is the second biggest in the world, after the U.S. market.
But the same might not be true if Israel launched a pre-emptive strike against Iraq, the U.S. officials say.
Also this week, the House gave final congressional approval to legislation creating a congressional panel to investigate the eight-month-old strike against Eastern, a measure the Bush administration has threatened to veto.
The Twitchells are the second Christian Science parents to be prosecuted in Massachusetts and the first since 1971, when the state amended the child abuse and neglect law to recognize spiritual healing as an alternative to modern medicine.
Reynolds & Reynolds said the sale of the two units should increase pretax income by about $3.5 million in fiscal 1992.
More than 90 have been ordered already. Computerised controls seem here to stay and the powers in the world of aviation are stacked up behind them.
Base rates stand at 11%.
In the meantime, the White House is steaming over House GOP Whip Newt Gingrich's call for tax cuts rather than tax increases.
What they need to lift their spirits is a convincing turnaround in this weekend's crop of opinion polls. It is a slim chance, but it could happen.
They're afraid that the FDA's bureaucrats, many of whom are fighting the proposal, will drag their feet in giving formal approval for drugs being distributed to patients under the new rules.
You remembered not just in order to remember, but in order to write.
The increase in operating income reflects gains in linage and circulation at the company's business and community publications, plus continued strong revenue growth from the information services segment.
They fight the nomination of an envoy to leftist Mozambique and push for covert aid for the rebels fighting its government.
Withdrawals by woolgrowers are still very high, reaching as much as 55pc af the Fremantle sale on Tuesday, though 20pc is more typical.
The capital-gains measure, authored by Rep. Ed Jenkins (D., Ga.), is opposed by the Democratic leadership in Congress.
Heat in a car can rise to 160 degrees in a very short time.
Industry and government sources, asking not to be identified by name, said Tuesday that the plane landed with three of its fuel tanks empty and not feeding three of the huge jet's engines, causing them to stop operating.
Evans said shareholders "weren't treated fairly" initially in the deal, but added: "We still deny that there were any violations.
For weekends and evenings, the "'60s-inspired shapes complete with high crowns, flips and ponytails.
You can be forgiven for thinking that he disappeared many years earlier.
The Department of Energy is investigating a report that a structural engineer was fired after concluding that an earthquake could cause the walls to collapse at the department's Y-12 nuclear weapons plant, a DOE official confirmed Saturday.
Kalikow, a real-estate development millionaire, said he would invest $25 million in the new Sunday edition next year and increase the paper's staff by about 60 people, including 30 reporters and editors.
Some computer experts are stunned at what the arbitrators' ruling grants Fujitsu.
"He was supposed to be the model of socialist morality but nonethless he violated the law of that country," Aguililla added.
One of the issues that split the Social Democratic Party was whether or not to cooperate with the Socialist Party, which replaced the Communist Party when it was disbanded last month.
They were flying to England in 1942 when they were forced down by bad weather.
Fitting the consultant to the problem is clearly as relevant as the employee to the job. Adrian Furnham is a Reader in Psychology at University College London and head of its Business Psychology Unit.
MGM-UA Communications rose 3/8 to 20 3/8 on news of the possible revival of its agreement to be acquired for $25 a share by Qintex Australia.
Even the big growth companies couldn't stand up to the painful combination of a severe recession and surging inflation.
No injuries were reported and some raiders appeared in a nearly festive mood.
But his closest adviser has left no doubt that it is neither the party nor new government bodies that make the final decisions: it is Gorbachev himself.
Demand for Italian and Scandinavian bank deals is still flagging, due to the increasing credit concerns about both banking industries, and Japanese bank paper is under pressure.
Gorgisyan, interviewed by telephone, estimated there were more than 1 million demonstrators in Yerevan.
Some delegates to the Geneva Conference predicted that 20 years of talks would culminate this year in an international agreement banning the development, production and stockpiling of chemical weapons.
Do these businesses really want to lose money?
He then opened fire, killing three farmers, Patangan said.
This is a difficult question to answer or even to discuss in this limited space.
Ms. Brown testified that after the shooting, McMaugh "began rehearsing the incident" with his wife and forced her to agree with "his version of the events." what was his version.
What Moody's officials were told is that Mrs. Whitmire will resolve an unexpected budget deficit with a recently approved 18.9 percent tax increase.
Price Dollars 25 for members, Dollars 100 for non-members.
Random House Chairman Robert Bernstein said he is resigning from the publishing house he has run for 23 years.
About one-third of Poland was part of Germany before the war.
Rep. Swift complains of "paranoia."
But beneath that mood of celebration, the country faces a future of political uncertainty, exhaustion from the conflict with its ancient Arab enemy, deep economic malaise and debate about which path the revolution must now take.
Construction of the Shoreham plant, located 60 miles east of Manhattan, began in 1973 and was completed a decade later at a cost of more than $4 billion.
Gephardt referred to conservatives in the administration who argue that government should refrain from investing in non-defense research from which private industry would profit.
The Soviet-led assault crushed a reform movement in Czechoslovakia.
For the first time since World War II, Albania is playing host to a meeting of senior diplomats from the six Balkan countries.
"He's a solid man," she said. "He stands for a lot of good things.
But Mr. Metzlaff contends that the disclosure didn't properly inform prospective shareholders of the true condition of Puma's flagging U.S. operations.
But now the bold, young Mr. Salinas has come along.
The liftoff opportunity, dictated by Magellan's path to Venus and lighting conditions at emergency landing sites, lasts only 23 minutes, one of the shortest launch windows in shuttle history.
Even here, to judge by the girlie magazines freely on sale in Shanghai, the campaign is languishing.
Humpuss will hold a 10% stake, and Pertamina will hold 20%.
Lugar, R-Ind., a former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, headed the U.S. delegation that observed the 1988 provincial and municipal elections in the war-torn Central American state.
The white paper failed to guarantee a larger market for coal by elbowing aside other forms of energy.
Yet the IFC has been able to put together sound investments in both continents and in the past two years we have made more than 100 investments in projects costing about $5 billion.
In London, the British pound rose to $1.7695 from $1.7600 late Wednesday.
Many Palestinians in Jordan and elsewhere have supported Iraq in its occupation of Kuwait.
It is not how to help Cambodia but how to punish Vietnam," said Khieu Kanharith, former editor of a weekly state-owned newspaper.
A mother raccoon and her two babies who fell through a library ceiling were back in their attic nest Wednesday after spending a day browsing through the reference section.
Chase's loss for the year stemmed from its $1.6 billion increase to loan-loss reserves in the second quarter.
If the projected 1990 deficit on Oct. 16 is higher than $110 billion, a sequester under Gramm-Rudman-Hollings would automatically reduce next year's spending levels to the extent necessary to reduce the estimated deficit to $100 billion.
Growth in Latin America is projected at only 10 percent because output is expected to fall in Brazil.
He said the Bloomfield factory each week makes about 30,000 of the small flags that have lately become common fare at patriotic celebrations.
White Swan Ltd. of Beaverton, Ore., for example, says it plans a joint venture with Japan's Yamano & Associates to market its flower-seed mixtures for specialized gardens.
And not only money.
Helms said Blandon's credibility "appeared to be high."
Some analysts are speculating that recent heavy rains damaged the soft red variety grown in Illinois and Indiana.
Speakers scheduled for the memorial dedication included former U.S. Sen. George McGovern; Florence Schroeder, whose son was slain; and Dean Kahler, an Athens County commissioner who was wounded in the protest.
A group of affiliated companies led by Clyde W. Engle, a Chicago businessman, said it holds 7% of Kewaunee Scientific Corp.'s common as an investment.
And Big Three executives say they've run out of technology to make steep gains.
Palau, with an estimated 15,000 residents living on eight of its 200 islands, is the world's last trusteeship, established in 1947 by the United Nations.
It will be nice for Beatrice to have someone to play with," said the former Sarah Ferguson, who is due in March and whose first baby was born 13 months ago.
The PC1264 was commissioned to demonstrate whether blacks could be capable seamen.
That's $66 more per capita than the runner-up, the District of Columbia.
"A year or so ago, people thought shorts were what you put on in the morning," he says.
Excluding the one-time items, per-share earnings rose 11%.
Firefighters managed to keep the flames from spreading to the adjacent St. Louis Cathedral, which remained undamaged except for some melted copper on the outside.
Page and Van Dusen would not disclose terms of the transaction, expected to take place within 90 days, but industry experts estimate the sale price at $65 million.
In January, an index of 110 high-yield bonds tracked by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had an average spread of 4.96 percentage points above the rate of the Treasury 7% notes of 1994, which have the closest comparable maturity to that of the index.
She acknowledged, however, that it violated that ban.
But union officials have said the move violates local and national contracts and they are angry they were not notified about the action before it appeared in the media.
"Everyone who is in Wisconsin doing defense work gets tender loving care from this congressman," he said.
The resolution calls for at least a 6-inch accumulation of snow on Christmas Day, followed by a regular snowfall each day thereafter, with a total of 60 inches or more by the end of the winter.
About half the work involves culling information from American Airlines' tickets; the rest is from other companies such as insurance concern Equicorp, which uses the company to type in health claims information.
The Budget continued to allow indexation of gains. Yesterday's concession will apply to individuals and trustees but not to companies.
He maintained ties with West Germany, refused to break relations with Israel after the Six-Day War, refused to boycott the 1984 Olympics in Los Angeles, and declined to back Soviet interventions in Czechoslovakia and Afghanistan.
Another bear on gold is August Arace, co-manager of the Freedom Gold & Government Trust, an open-end mutual fund.
To persuade the old-line Takashimaya Co. department-store chain to help him launch his own department stores, he took an unwelcomed 10% stake in the company.
Even she sees a certain irony in the coming duel: "It is kind of like competing with yourself," Ms. Burns observes.
At one recent weekly meeting, Tohru Hirose, a marketing-strategies manager, apologized in front of the room.
It expected real growth of 3 per cent or slightly higher, and a further edging down of the unemployment rate. Inflation would be about 3 per cent, or slighly higher than last year.
The Treasury secretary, whose friend George Bush hopes to ride to the White House this fall on a wave of continued economic expansion, has been vigorously countering these calls for contractionary policies, which imply higher interest rates.
Many Democratic lawmakers fear that Rep. Wright's actions are politically foolish, and GOP sources said the speaker's rhetoric is causing a stiffening in the White House attitude toward taxes.
"He's always convinced that he's right, although he has so often been proved wrong," says Lawrence Pih, one of Sao Paulo's leading businessmen.
Ne Win led the March 1962 coup that toppled Nu, who uses only one name.
In addition, Gerald Wyman, vice president, mining, was named interim chief operating officer.
And in Los Angeles, the downtown INS center ran out of required fingerprint forms for 3 1/2 hours.
According to several well-placed sources, some very important investors indeed.
Most investment trusts trade at a discount. The offer period runs until March 5 and dealings will start on March 11. Maximum Pep investment is Pounds 1,500, as the trust does not qualify for the full annual Pounds 6,000 allowance.
The buyout is being organized by Adler & Shaykin, a New York investment firm that proposes to acquire as much as 94.3% of the oil-field and mining equipment maker's 17.7 million shares outstanding through a new company, Joy Acquisition Corp.
But some of that tobacco-tax money would also be used in the land acquisition program.
Most of the troops were driving motorcycles but two were in cars and one was walking, the spokesman said.
Although the Nationalist Chinese government of Taiwan is the sworn enemy of the Communists in Beijing, relations have warmed in recent months with increased business and civilian ties.
About 1,500 sea birds died but storms dispersed the oil.
"The market was extremely quiet," said Alfred G. Roth, a managing director at Chemical Bank's capital markets group.
Some voluntary severance and early-retirement programs backfire.
The bartender replies that the cost is one ruble.
He started with designer jeans, but the label dubbed Emporio soon was manufacturing Armani's trade mark blazer, suits, coats and even evening wear.
In one hotel, almost the entire audience was made up of puzzled Kuwaiti exiles in long white robes.
We are workaholics." Still, he added: "I would like to go to the French Quarter.
It makes adhesives, resins, speciality chemicals and starches. BTR Nylex reported a net profit of ADollars 182.5m for the six months to June 30, compared with Dollars 151m in the corresponding period of the previous year.
In particular, the thrift industry and its associated construction contractors reached into every congressional district.
The exhibit will travel among the five from November 1989 through November 1990.
So even if forces are significantly reduced on both sides, a noble goal indeed, we will remain in Europe as long as our friends want and need us.
And then doesn't get the gun.
The center, attached to the hospital's adolescent unit, began receiving patients in October.
Operating income was therefore 25 per cent higher at R226.2m compared with R180.4m.
The woman's remarkable recovery since being discovered near death in a wooded area in the park has been chronicled closely in the media and cheered by New Yorkers.
Egyptian officials said the Egyptian tour guide was hurt but the driver was not.
Konrad Adenauer was only a year younger when he became West German chancellor in 1949, and Ronald Reagan was four years older when he left office in 1989.
Mr. Wade values them at 3.4 billion Australian dollars, 24% of the company's market value.
Stock and bond markets were battered Friday after major commercial banks and the Federal Reserve boosted key lending rates as the central bank toughened its fight against inflation.
Sun said it ended the fiscal year with $834 million in cash.
An earlier $1 billion proposal was shelved after Republicans protested and Mr. Bush declined to embrace it.
The 33-year-old Ms. Shurtleff was fired in July 1985 for insubordination after refusing to work with another member of the test crew.
The result is a document that is exhilarating and troubling.
If the buy-out goes ahead Newco - the new company formed by a deal - pays all the professional fees.
Claimants will be paid from a fund based on a yet-to-be determined percentage of the value of Iraq's exports of petroleum products.
The total cost amounts to about $84 million per plane.
Meanwhile, junk bonds of Seaman Furniture Co. rose yesterday on news that the company has reached an agreement in principle with all its senior lenders on restructuring its outstanding debt.
By lunchtime, Mr. Kitajima, abandoning all hope of a strong rally, shows off a baseball cap labeled "Hot Trader."
Manager Sid Seidenberg said King, 64, was admitted Friday to Valley Hospital, where doctors were concerned about King's blood sugar level and suggested the hospitalization for further tests.
Aircraft normally are sold in dollars.
While Orion has produced several hits and critically acclaimed films such as "Amadeus" and movies by Woody Allen, it has been financially troubled.
Lenders, in fact, may be so eager to oblige him that they will offer him a break on the interest rate.
People want a product that's iced down, chilled and ready, and all that goes with it." Last year a poll of 500 trade shows and conventions picked MGR as the best convention catering firm in the country.
Michel Aoun's Christian forces and an alliance of Syria and Moslems militias.
These are hardly salad days for Montgomery County law officials.
Time Inc. promoted several young executives in its magazine group as part of its efforts to improve marketing and advertising for the company's 23 wholly or partly owned publications.
Mr. Busti said he left Columbia because he was dissatisfied "with the scope of the operation" and that the Reliance offer reppresented "a better opportunity."
Frank Torres was the balding, nondescript operator of a Miami import-export business when opportunity knocked.
He relished his wife, delighted in her pregnancies, and viewed his growing brood with immense satisfaction.
In Spain, U.S. officials reported a 60 percent to 70 percent rise in the number of visa applications, and in the Netherlands they said it was up 38 percent in the last five months.
Midway's stock jumped $2.125 a share to close at $9.625 a share in heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
Though not all the links are yet filled in, the system meets the current needs. Unusually, Mr McCammon enters all the data himself - partly to ensure its correctness, but he does it mainly to keep him in touch with all that is happening in the company.
The dismissals total about 40 professionals, not including support staff, Wall Street executives said.
I didn't do much television.
Single investors were banned from owning more than 3 per cent in either. However, the curbs proved futile because Mediobanca rarely takes direct shareholdings in companies bigger than 2 or 3 per cent.
But their migration from country to city constitutes a great personal improvement in life style and a high measure of contentment.
"I remember his first concert," said Khalid Asghar, a senior music producer at Pakistan Broadcasting Corp. "He was a little round-faced chap.
What was intended to be a simple gesture of international friendship has turned into a source of embarrassment for Missouri highway and economic development officials.
Five other Southeastern Conference schools put at least one football game on pay-per-view last season.
U.S. policy in El Salvador has been aimed at shoring up a centrist government represented by the Christian Democrats and President Jose Napoleon Duarte, who is dying of liver cancer and leaves office June 1.
Sunday's typewritten Arabic statement was not accompanied by a picture of Higgins, the usual sign of authenticity.
Microsoft has forged ahead with its own standards, but these may soon merge with the official standards being developed by the International Standards Organisation and the Consultative Committee on International Telephony and Telegraphy.
The corporate counsel involved in some of these cases say they saved significant money by staying out of court, although none could give precise figures.
The strongest political group opposing Burma's military rulers split Saturday and expelled its chairman, who has formed a new party.
"Oil companies can cancel, but we have to wait for commitments to expire."
The plane took off at 10:17 a.m. for Dubai _ seven minutes after the initial contact with the tower.
The pro-democracy tide now sweeping over one of the East bloc's last strongholds of hard-line communism also spread to provincial cities, which saw their first big street demonstrations in decades.
Many suppliers apparently like the GM system.
Justice Department bank-fraud investigators are expected to announce several plea-bargaining arrangements or indictments this week in their probe of Texas savings-and-loan institutions.
An additional $1 million was funneled to FDN accounts through a Cayman Islands corporation Mr. Calero said was controlled by conservative publicist Richard Miller, a close ally of fund-raiser Carl "Spitz" Channell.
A week ago, a federal appeals court in Chicago ruled the SEC overstepped itself in authorizing three exchanges, in New York, Philadelphia and Chicago, to trade stock baskets.
The intrepid Maxwell finally succeeded on the third try, getting the venerable publishing and information services giant for $2.5 billion in early November.
This follows a temporary slowing to 2.6 per cent in the first quarter, reflecting bad weather and other distortions. Many analysts now regard an early increase in short-term interest rates as all but inevitable.
Lucky's partially completed restructuring plan calls for the company to shed all operations other than its core food business, and to repurchase as much as 27% of its 52.7 million common shares at $40 each.
The groups inviting me to talk about the press and the scandal have Central America as their focus, and the background of the Iran-contra scandal is familiar to them.
The Chileans on the plane were Oscar Badilla, a government agricultural official; Sergio Lazcano, an excecutive of the Chilean Fruit Exporters Association, and the pilot, Police Lt.
The White House had left setting a precise summit date to the Soviets.
Yet both served humanity with an identically relentless love.
In the thousand towns between and even beyond, they'll vote.
Investigators have said Thomas Savage reported he was living in Chicago and running for the Illinois Legislature at the same time he was on Fauntroy's payroll.
After the coffin was lowered into the grave, aides shoveled about 3 feet of dirt into the hole.
And Leon Lafleur, who heads a community clinic in the Montreal inner-city neighborhood of Plateau Mont Royal, says he is worried that some of his poorest clients may be tempted to have a child simply to collect the 3,000-dollar bonus.
After college, Davis joined General Foods and worked on the Country Time lemonade brand.
For Massport executive director David Davis, all the fuss obscures a simple issue: Logan, which is expected to handle 37 million passengers annually by the year 2000, up from 23 million last year, will become hopelessly gridlocked without changes.
Commercials featuring the dancing, singing California raisins have helped boost consumption by 13 percent and Leger wants to do the same for watermelons.
That is disputed by Maura Payne, spokeswoman for R.J. Reynolds Tobacco USA.
Overnight rain was locally heavy from eastern Kansas through southern and central Illinois.
For the many Beijing residents who scorn the government but are uneasy about social unrest, it's a matter of enduring the propaganda and the police.
For all his technical brilliance and skill as a writer, Corea remains at the opposite end of the intensity scale to these two.
Platinum futures prices rose; coffee futures gained; grains and soybeans were higher; cattle futures advanced while pork futures were mixed; energy futures were mixed; and stock-index futures retreated.
Craig Siegel's semiabstract imagery, though not particularly original, has real punch.
No visible evidence of tampering could be found in the cup, lid or safety seal, officials said.
He said criminal charges against Torres Gonzalez have not been filed and that an ivestigation is continuing.
For instance, its different product groups now get to set their own prices and control their manufacturing operations, taking over that responsibility from various marketing groups.
But he apologised for behaviour which he said 'was not just inappropriate or boorish, but just plain wrong'. Mr Packwood conceded that 'the bonds of trust' linking him and the people of Oregon had been badly strained.
"But this is the first one that we've done under the general context of helping the bank" in general, Ms. Kling said.
Among the 62 certain millionaires, the average age is 64.6 years.
Her rhythm was perfect.
He also said Saddam would be "foolish" to invade Saudi Arabia.
The illusion is that commissions are pretty much fixed. Indeed, anti-rebating laws in 48 states prohibit agents from returning part or all of their commissions to insurance buyers.
Alan Young and Glynnis Johns play retired neighbors whose incredible happiness drives Dooley to distraction.
On Wednesday, former Prime Minister Edward Heath brought home 32 holders of British passports from Iraq.
A tanker truck that was aboard had been hired to shuttle fuel to holding tanks at a crude-oil processing facility operated by Marathon Oil Co. The crew had pumped 1,000 gallons of gasoline into the truck before the explosion, Marrs said.
RJR Nabisco Inc., Atlanta, said it agreed to sell its Dromedary food operations to Burns, Philp & Co. of Australia for a sum that wasn't disclosed.
Today's giant publicly held corporations actively discourage the kind of autocratic boss Henry Ford became.
An exit poll conducted by the BBC in Bucharest suggested the 14-party Democratic Convention opposition bloc would get up to 40 per cent of the vote, the NSF 30 per cent and the ultra-right nationalist RMP 10 per cent.
But although the company achieved earnings growth in 1990, its outlook for 1991 is guarded.
Yet, private economists looking below the surface and into the fhing might be awry.
This time the New York investor said he wants to meet next Tuesday to discuss the "enhancement of shareholder values," and said he is being advised by PaineWebber Inc.
Forced to learn the victor's language, terrorists chant 'amo amas amat', as they exchange mocking homosexual caresses.
Inventory rebuilding, capital spending, and stable consumer demand will continue to keep the economy growing, says Michael Sherman, chief investment strategist at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
Take-up of the basic rate service has been slow and, until recently, there were very few ISDN products on the market.
She had lived in Oberlin since 1962.
Most are highly profitable: according to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), total profits for foreign banks in the country remained buoyant last year after a 36 per cent rise in 1990 and 41 per cent growth, to SDollars 1.84 bn, in 1991.
Volume on the Big Board came to 55.03 million shares as of 11 a.m. on Wall Street.
A thief who swiped a Cadillac apparently had a change of heart after discovering a 7-day-old baby in the back seat.
Jury nullification means a jury can also ignore a judge's instructions in order to convict an unpopular defendant for his views, not for what he did.
Dukakis worked on his speech Wednesday after meeting briefly with Jackson, his former rival, to discuss the fall campaign. Dukakis sat in an easy chair in the bedroom of his hotel suite revising a draft of his speech with a pen.
But a funny thing has happened in the past six years.
They fear the new township will be incorporated into the homeland, thus depriving residents of South African citizenship.
Last week Cubazucar, the state sugar agency announced that the 1992-93 crop would reach only about 4.2m tonnes, down from 7m tonnes in the previous year.
"The month of September will really be a telling story of whether general merchandise sales will maintain modest growth, in line with the economy," said Jeffrey Edelman, a retail analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
Dukakis also won more committed support in New Jersey, where the CBS-Times poll found that 54 percent of his voters backed him strongly, more than in most earlier races.
He has recommended that Amoco's regional office in Denver use her as outside counsel, "solely on the basis of her letter."
But Mr. McMillin predicted Campbell will face stiff competition from Kellogg, "the star of the waffle business."
Mr Stevens should encourage Richard Rogers to be more imaginative and to keep the listed building at the heart of his scheme. There are plenty of boring glass towers around.
The Belarussian government has confirmed its sudden conversion to market reforms with a decision to lift subsidies on bread and milk.
"They would welcome additional capital."
She was accompanied by an entourage of about 10 people.
While Exxon said it will sell its new gasoline in both premium and midgrade unleaded, it shunned the "cleaner" formulation for the most popular and least costly grade, regular unleaded.
Stock investors were encouraged by a stronger-than-expected report on business conditions from the nation's purchasing managers.
Still, analysts said the lack of significant Western participation stemmed from unhappiness with the terms of the loan, not directly from worries about Hong Kong's future.
They are often known for maverick investment strategies and high fees.
Equities saw strong gains as final results came in from the country's general election.
The mark was changing hands at 77.25 yen late yesterday, up from 76.86 yen late Friday in New York.
"Progressive" income taxation was being carried to great lengths.
The six-month period provides a better picture of the companies' sales than the 10-day periods.
As Brian Reading, of Lombard Street Research, remarked, we have the very opposite of too much money chasing too few goods. This does not mean the inflation threat has gone for ever.
I, for one, find the performance of the Soviet historians highly disillusioning."
But the tone of his remarks suggested there would not be an immediate change in monetary policy, traders said.
At least 380 people were killed in monthlong nationwide riots after the Ayodhya campaign began on Oct. 30.
A Coast Guard officer who spoke on condition of anonymity said Friday that state officials were naive or uninformed if they believed a spill as large as the one in Prince William Sound could be cleaned up quickly.
"To me, there's a little irony that a favorite prehistoric campsite has become one of our biggest campgrounds today," said Michael Beckes, regional archaeologist for the U.S. Forest Service's eastern district.
Life's great." Here are the winning weekly state lottery numbers picked Wednesday: Wednesday Megabucks: 06; 14; 19; 26; 33; 34.
Her name was Miriana but they called her Esther, after Esther Williams, whose American swimsuit epics were not censored by the Yugoslav film commissars but probably should have been, judging from the subversive effect they had on our four young friends.
Economist Raymond Worseck says the firm has stepped up its commitment to stocks.
GM also is slowing production of Corsicas and Berettas at its Wilmington, Del., plant this week because of "supplier material problems," a spokesman said.
Miami federal judge grounds Air Panama, freezing its assets while he decides which Panamanian officials should control the airline.
NRC regulations require that utilities submit emergency plans covering a 10-mile plant radius.
A further quarter or half point increase is then probable in ensuing weeks, taking short rates to about 4.5 per cent by mid-year. What happens thereafter will depend on the pace of economic growth and inflation trends.
Tamburini said the younger Patriarca has been deeply involved in his father's business since at least 1980, when the crime boss ran into serious legal and health problems.
East German party leaders have occasionally blocked the distribution of newspapers from Warsaw Pact neighbors in the past _ during the 1968 Prague Spring in Czechoslovakia and the early periods of labor unrest in Poland.
As a result, the huge "overhang" of petroleum inventories is worsening.
Long ago, he signaled his intention to retire.
At a U.S.-Soviet forum on human rights, local people saved some of their sharpest barbs for their own government.
From a recent report by the organization Accuracy in Media: ABC and NBC have announced large cuts in the staffs of their broadcast standards and practices divisions in recent weeks.
More than 60 Palestinians have been killed as alleged collaborators, including two in the past week.
According to The Lancet, the UK medical journal, Israel produces proportionately more medical research publications than the US or UK.
Today Railtrack hopes that 40 per cent will be operating. What are signalling workers paid? Signal workers' basic rates are between Pounds 146 and Pounds 235.75 per week.
That was bearish for bonds because a stronger economy reduces the likelihood that the Federal Reserve will reduce interest rates.
Seven lifeboats, some from other ferries, were used to bring the passengers ashore.
The chances are, though, that such pressures will remain muted for the time being. Recovery initially brings productivity gains as idle capacity is brought back on stream.
West German politicians reacted critically to the compromise. Economics Minister Helmut Haussman termed it a "false signal" ahead of German unification.
Twenty-three bodies were found in a dozen construction workers' sheds destroyed by the fire, the report said.
Anyone breaking into the car and starting the engine finds the steering wheel turning without steering the wheels. The device, produced by Malvy Technology, can be fitted during assembly or later at a cost of Ffr4,800 (Pounds 560).
The parties have not publicly made the statements suggested by Saw Maung.
Bells tolled and mournful chants filled the streets today as Armenia marked the one-year anniversary of the earthquake that killed at least 25,000 people.
Much of the loss from a large wind storm is accounted for by many, relatively small claims from householders.
The army said Abdulhak apparently was trying to hang the flag, which is outlawed by Israel.
"I really wanted to be close to that kid and work with him.
President Bush said Thursday he will nominate Donald R. Quartel Jr., a consultant who has worked in Bush's political campaigns, to be a Federal Maritime commissioner.
Even as this wind of reform seems to be blowing across the Hill, business as usual can be found in some shielded corners.
The Agriculture Department of Mexico said Tuesday that heavy rains brought on by Chantal helped put out fires in the Yucatan Peninsula that have ravaged up to 370,000 acres of jungle during the past two months.
The earnestness for etiquette pervades every scene.
The rally followed a surge of buying on Wednesday and may reflect the market's uneasiness about the government's plan to ship $10 million worth of U.S. pork bellies to Poland as part of a food-aid package.
Already, the heat has become so intense that a number of firms are seeking less-hostile environs.
Wojciech Szymborski, a party propaganda department employee manning the coalition's Warsaw campaign center, says that is because the party wanted to let the people decide.
Efforts to find students posing as suburban residents include staking out train stations and following students home.
They are no more than a rather inadequate safety net.' Applications by students rose by 15 per cent between 1990-91 and 1991-92, but available funds rose by only 4 per cent.
In keeping with the tenets of my profession I intend to be neutral, but it seems clear that factors of sentiment, which never are to be underestimated in matters of rooting, favor the A's.
When he became chairman in January, Mr. Donaldson immediately made the listing of blue-chip foreign stocks his top priority.
The other bidders are a team led by American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and another headed by Martin Marietta Corp. with MCI Communications Corp.
Reduced to thievery, pushing drugs and finally an addict, he is befriended by an Indian Christian, also cut off from his father.
"They don't give away anything for free."
In an age of meticulous market researchers and spreadsheet planners, Mr. Maxwell, 64, comes across like a wild man.
"The key here is early treatment," Ms. Ho said in a telephone interview Thursday.
If the cyanide reacts, Fox said workers will have about 60 to 90 seconds to get away.
Do Switzerland's neighbours need to worry about the country retaining its ability and will to maintain security at this crossroads of the continent? We are the only country where the people can vote on such matters.
The presidents had already agreed to dismantle the Nicaraguan rebels at a summit in February in El Salvador, but a 90-day deadline for working out the details passed without notice.
It's time to tuck it all back in.
The post-close sessions propose to match buyers and sellers electronically, as they are in London.
Analysts attributed the market reaction to fears that Micron, having exhausted its tax credits from prior losses, will see its tax rate rise substantially in coming periods.
"I think CEO A says to CEO B, 'I have this Macintosh, and it's really neat.'
His hour hand is small and red and points to small red hours; his minute hand is large and green and points to large green minutes.
But then prices settled back a bit.
"I certainly wouldn't say we're in a period where one shouldn't be concerned," he said.
Investigators have said a bomb in a radio-cassette player brought the Boeing 747 down Dec. 21, killing all 259 people aboard and 11 residents of the market town of Lockerbie, Scotland.
Judge Rice ruled that a new stock ownership plan giving NCR employees 8% of the stock made "a mockery" of that vote.
She also plays for froth.
Some layoffs will occur as a result of the combined stores, the executive said, but added that the number of layoffs would represent a "small percentage" of the overall work force.
Previously, Eastern had projected having $774 million in cash on hand by the end of the year for operating purposes.
It's too - it's the best question, right on target, one that we were discussing inside.
But it's unclear whether approximately $3 billion for the program in fiscal 1991 will be acceptable to the administration.
Britain is urging the Kuwaitis to cut the stake within the next 12 months.
Rather, it is the universal quality of the people.
The suit doesn't identify the other brokerage firms.
Federal appeals courts in St. Louis and New York have split on the question of whether bankruptcy judges may hear jury trials involving allegedly improper transfers of a bankrupt company's assets.
In 1987, rebel forces loyal to Marcos took over private radio-television station GMA-7 and broadcast statements.
Occidental holds a 55 percent share of the venture, while the China Kang Hua Development Corp., a newly formed company under Henan provincial control, has 45 percent.
An Israeli soldier and three Palestinians were killed today in the first gun battle between troops and Arab villagers since the start of the 17-month uprising against Israel's occupation.
"We have to build Poland.
A Foreign Ministry spokesman said the ships would meet up off Durres but further details would be withheld at the request of the Albanian government.
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $1.31 trillion, the lowest since August 1988.
Ford cut rebates to buyers of some of its most popular cars.
Sheldon J. Krys as assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security.
Of course, the first two incentives also are operative for foreigners' shipments to the U.S.
More than one Western journalist has been puzzled by what has been happening in this small Yugoslavian village.
The two ships collided on June 3 and nine people died on the tanker in the fire that followed.
The Washington Post, citing unidentified sources in Washington and in Kennebunkport, Maine, where Bush is vacationing, reported in Saturday editions that the secret meeting took place at Meese's request shortly before May 16.
The Labor Department's numbers already assume a steady stream of 800,000 immigrants a year; to reach his goal, Mr. Bush would have to see that number more than double.
As reported earlier, Penn Central has options to purchase approximately 26.8% of Capital Wire's shares outstanding for the same price from officers of Capital, including Vincent A. Rego, president, chief executive officer and chairman.
A blueprint for the necessary measures is provided by the agreement of nine member states to abolish passport controls at their common frontiers.
Parking refers to placing securities in another party's name to avoid disclosing ownership to the government.
Moody's downgraded its financial strength rating of Capital Holding's life insurance units and lowered its credit ratings on the parent company's debt.
Supreme Court Justice William J. Brennan Jr. urged lawyers and judges to fight discrimination in an address kicking off a yearlong celebration of the bicentennial of the federal court system.
Dukakis wasted no time getting back to work, arriving at the office at 9:30 a.m. to applause from about 50 state workers.
When regular fire crews were stretched thin all across the West, Army troops, and then Marines, were sent to Yellowstone.
But for hot-weather eating, the dish can be served cold equally well.
As such, the status of the private Ecu depends on the form of the contract that is made.
In Moscow's Red Square, hundreds of thousands of people toted banners extolling "perestroika" (economic restructuring), "glasnost" (openness) and other Communist Party programs.
Rushdie goes into hiding with his wife.
He noted that the Texas Panhandle, western Oklahoma area usually only gets about a half-inch of precipitation in February in a good year, so a dry month doesn't make much difference to the winter wheat crop.
The proposal would have raised that rate from 28 percent.
"The company entered fiscal 1988 in its best financial condition ever," Mr. Davis said.
Although the country has made significant progress by increasing the number of telephone lines for every 100 inhabitants from 20 to 34 over the past decade, that is still the lowest level in the EU.
The Dacris are natives of northeastern Pennsylvania.
Double to $6 per passenger the tax on international tickets.
State Sen. Walter Dudycz, who has demonstrated against the work at the School of the Art Institute almost daily since the controversy began, said he would co-sponsor legislation to toughen laws against desecrating the flag.
Hours after accepting the job, he went to a Washington dinner party also attended by seven journalists.
In a previous edition, pre-split per-share figures were used.
Others carried a large photograph of the dead student.
D'Abo was born in London to a British father and a Russian mother.
"VP-Planner could not offer the functional attribute of macro compatibility unless keystrokes entering the same letters or moving the cursor to the same location would bring about the same functional result as in Lotus 1-2-3," he said.
It was named by 30 percent of those interviewed.
But as Warburg's move clearly indicates, making markets in many companies' shares may no longer be worth the effort.
Winter's daughter, Lynn Kroger, said her father suffered mentally and physically after the stroke.
Managing director Lars Kylberg said he expects Alfa Laval's positive development to continue throughout the year, but not at the same high rate as during the first eight months.
Meanwhile, he has revamped the WDA's management and decentralised the agency's structure.
Packer eventually was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 40 years in prison.
"I'm going to introduce it sometime at my convenience." Rep. Rostenkowski wants the slower approach because he fears that a rush for tax cuts could lead to a big plan that isn't fully paid for and increases the budget deficit.
"Good Luck," said the judge.
The researchers indicated that while the device could be permanently implanted, the active living cells could be "replaced periodically" if necessary.
Instead, it will simply report finding so many people on the streets, so many in shelters or hotels, so many doubled up in apartments, etc.
On Saturday, dissident sources said police surrounded the apartment building across the street from the government offices of the Russian republic, where the first meeting was held, but did not break it up.
The two women chat cheerily.
The composite index added 13.18 at 608.06 in turnover of Won449.36bn.
It also requires Elf Aquitaine for the next 10 years to receive FTC approve before acquiring any interest in a company that manufactures or sells either chemical in the United States.
But the whole idea of deep dilemmas for the U.S. flies in the face of common sense.
Later yesterday afternoon, U.S. Attorney Roy C. Hayes issued a statement that said the government "believes the facts were fairly presented to the jury and accepts the verdict of the jury."
The lag followed a boom in the early 1980s, when the industry seemed reborn.
"I want to get out, now that I've had an insight into it," he says.
The rise of home-based operators is causing governments to soften their stance, say home-business experts.
Gateway stock closed at 50 cents, down 6.25 cents, in national over-the-counter trading Friday.
They also thrive in towns. Not that skimmias had everything their own way.
He said one soldier whom he would not identify had a leg amputated.
A year after Colt Firearms drew praise for pulling its AR-15 semiautomatic rifle off the civilian market, it is under fire for producing a new version that critics say is virtually the same weapon.
"A lot of them are worried about drugs and alcohol.
Political jitters have been exacerbated by recent corruption scandals surrounding members of the government.
Strommen said the West is severely lacking in moisture from reduced snowpack during the winter, which resulted in "well-below-normal" reservoir levels in much of the region, including Idaho, Washington, Oregon and Nevada.
"It's better than when they tell you they're looking for a certain music book and all they know is that it's green," said Larry Heidel, floor manager at Carl Fischer, which stocks 610,000 titles and bills itself as the world's largest music store.
The chef Rasit Ozdemir is from Bolu, a province famed for its cooks.
"It made my day," co-prosecutor Bruce Levin said of the verdict, referring to the so-called "Make My Day" law which allows residents to use deadly force in their homes against intruders.
"Suppose a child has a hearing loss and a speech delay," says Peggy Balla, a public health nurse who became CHIP's director. "Is that a medical problem or an educational problem or both?
The appointment of the committee is consistent with the board's "strong desire" to preserve the company's independence, said Jones Y. Pharr, the committee chairman.
Tass, the official news agency, reported that in the western Siberian town of Mezhdurechensk in the Kuznetsk Coal Basin about 20,000 miners and transport workers participated in a two-hour warning strike Monday morning.
However, activists in the third and smallest Baltic republic of Estonia said a gathering was being organized for Sunday.
The CBOE foreign currency options will trade alongside the Philadelphia exchange's existing contracts, said the Philadelphia Board of Trade's president, Arnold Staloff.
But the West has never abandoned all its doubts about Soviet intentions, and now it might start wondering once again who is really in control in the Kremlin.
The stock rose $2.125 yesterday to close at $132.75 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Ham radio operators who picked up a distress call said the skipper identified the yacht as the Satori, based in Miami.
Spare a thought, however, for the new recruits to the real business of life, those for whom 1994 may be the start of a lifetime of gardening until arthritis stops them in the 2030s.
Little legislation has moved through the Congress so far this year, with most of the time spent on the failed plan to raise congressional pay and the Senate battle over the nomination of John Tower for defense secretary.
So the decisions pitted service against diversity in Tampa.
The woman was not on the company's life support registry, which lists customers who use life support and medical treatment machines in their homes.
One-quarter of the workers are unemployed, including two out of three (20,000) miners from a once-powerful mining industry whose costs now far exceed earnings.
Stock prices extended their recent gains in unusually slow trading related to the observances of Columbus Day and Yom Kippur.
If industry reduces waste 10%, that's $10 billion in savings.
Union officials at those plants took the news in stride. An official of the United Auto Workers in Dubuque said workers expect the company to make an attractive early retirement offer.
According to Paul Gratton, president of Central Group Ltd., the administrator of Central Fund, the company doesn't sell calls against its inventory, as this would violate its conservative investment policy.
Charlotte Baecher, educational-services director at Consumers Union, the publisher of Consumer Reports, shares Ms. Charren's concerns.
Glenfed has a total of 215 branches in California and Florida, with all but 67 in California.
Indonesia has said it owes $50 million to China.
Their father had been given custody of the children after a 1985 divorce.
The country evidently needs still faster export growth. India also needs to increase exports and imports in relation to GDP.
A survey says most Americans would support advertisers that withdraw commercials from TV programs that some viewers find objectionable and would back a boycott of companies that sponsor such shows.
Overcoming traditional English reserve, many suburbanites shared cars or were seen hitchhiking to work.
"We are encouraged by Chinese statements and actions regarding Iran's acquisition of Chinese anti-ship missiles, Silkworms," State Department spokesman Charles E. Redman said.
The five suburban Washington papers are published each weekday morning.
"The government is not at war with the airlines," he added. "But it's not enough for the government to do it alone." In the four seizures since August, 494 pounds of cocaine has been found aboard Eastern aircraft.
Exercise should start with a warmup, in "an effort not to jump start the body," and rip a muscle that's unprepared for maximum exertion, he said.
The new ones "include more positive advice, oriented to the total diet, with clear wording and specific numbers," he said.
The Senate Judiciary Committee cleared legislation requiring each federal trial court to adopt a plan for cutting costs and delays.
French equities were rightly unimpressed.
Now, commercial methods and salaries to match are emerging.
The potential size of such expansions is usually not revealed in budget estimates of the expansions' initial years.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials was up 17.57 points at 2,470.54 at midafternoon.
The Zurich public must have wondered where Dr Miller earned his reputation. There was some compensation in Eliahu Inbal's powerful, purposeful conducting and a well-matched cast.
Anne Lorsung, a high-yield analyst at McCarthy, Crisanti & Maffei Inc., said prices rose on the perception that if Thomson acquires part of Harcourt Brace, it will retire some of the debt at a premium.
The thud of exploding shells and whooshing sound of rockets echoed across Beirut as Syrian gunners opened up on the Christian-controlled coast north of the capital.
It has run a persistent budget deficit for the past decade, which last year reached about 9 per cent of GDP, double that of the US.
If they've heard about it, it isn't happening to them.
As part of his research for the role of Lincoln in the NBC mini-series, "Gore Vidal's Lincoln" in March 1988, Sam Waterston spent two days at the folklife center listening to 1940s recordings of natives of the Smoky Mountains.
Worried about the potential financial impact of burgeoning frequent-flier programs and triple-mileage travel awards, many major air carriers have imposed restrictions on the plans or are thinking of doing so.
It began production in mid-1988 and produced 100,000 ounces of gold a year between 1989 and 1991 - a tenth of Chile's total output.
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi of India ended a visit to China today with the two nations expressing a common desire to improve ties after nearly three decades of strained relations.
But now she stands accused by a Northwest logging group of promoting the "radical agenda" of environmentalists.
"Working this operation" with the FBI, she replied.
'Skanska is a well-run company strong on the contracting business side with a number of industrial companies and a good stock of real estate companies', said Mr Barnevik.
Dennis O'Dea, counsel for the equity committee, denied the panel had made any such designation.
Baseball owners are doing better than ever, increasing their operating profits by 75 percent in 1989 to a record $214.5 million, according to financial figures obtained by The Associated Press.
But the 28-year-old Metzger, an assistant coach at Villanova University here when he's not collecting pins, is nothing if not persistent.
The rating of general and refunding mortgage bonds, third mortgage bonds and pollution-control revenue bonds was lowered to triple-C-minus from triple-C.
After being put in the cruiser, Youngblood pulled a gun from a handbag and ordered Patrolman Louis Hood to drive him to suburban Norton Shores, Stout said.
"I just think Congress would like to be asking questions about almost anything, any time," the President said to reporters at an appearance with Yitzhak Shamir.
The overnight $10 million increase in the prize money was announced by Susan Nefzger, spokeswoman for the lottery.
I said, yeah, I've kissed her a few times.
This is good, because most of the show - despite all the bombing, shooting, attempted prison breakouts and high-speed blurs of red - is strictly from arrrrrrgh.
Kyocera declined sharply Monday and brought similar high-priced, small-capitalization issues down with it.
The Caribbean News Agency, quoting police and hospital sources, said on Saturday that at least 22 people have died in fighting since the coup attempt began, but exactly where the fighting occurred remained unclear.
Three Sinhalese extremists and a soldier were killed and militants torched buses on the first anniversary of an accord aimed at ending Tamil separatist violence, police said today.
It is the kind of thinking that has made America's unionized industries uncompetitive in world markets; the country's unemployment rolls grow, and its businessmen invest elsewhere.
Jenson, who has since married her fiance, said she is proud of the state and angry that French is publicizing the case as a moral quandary.
'It can be middle management who unbeknownst to the board get the firm into difficulty,' says Sue Hankey of lawyers Cameron Markby & Hewitt. The excuse is sometimes ignorance.
Is there anyone who doubts that there are more Cuban, Soviet and Soviet-bloc advisers, both military and civilian, in Nicaragua than there were when Ronald Reagan took office?
Other than its expansion into 40 of Sears's California stores, Sears Savings Bank has played a relatively minor role in Sears's diversification into financial services.
Snowshowers were scattered in Montana, Wyoming and Nebraska.
The essay did not indicate where the author lived or where the purported incident took place.
The gain in the Labor Department's Producer Price Index for finished goods, one stop short of retail, topped last year's rate of 4.0 percent and was more than double the 1987 rate of 2.2 percent.
The second, which is much better, has a performance of 'The Red Flag' which has a pretty stirring tune.
China's admission that agreement could not be reached this year on its bid for membership of the Gatt and the new World Trade Organisation cost its government considerable loss of face.
But union general counsel Robert Hart said such a compromise was unacceptable and would not settle the dispute as the 12:01 a.m. Thursday strike deadline loomed.
Senior executives from Computer Innovations weren't in the office yesterday and weren't available for comment.
He took his ministers on a cruise around Manila Bay in an apparent bid to quash reports of schisms between power blocs in his seven-week-old government.
"I believe the steps we are now taking to rationalize the company will improve its profitability and reward everyone's efforts to save Sock Shop," he said.
Purchases of cars and video equipment were prominent among the purposes of the borrowing, the agency added. The Dutch index of manufacturing orders in hand rose to 103.7 in July from 103.5 in June, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
And there's much more interest in saving state funds by offering early retirement incentives, the approach taken in Iowa and Louisiana, or delaying salary increases, the path chosen by California and South Carolina.
The new criminal-contempt complaint reiterates the government's allegations that Mr. Eyerman instructed a First Jersey branch manager to conceal and destroy documents to disrupt the efforts of a court-appointed monitor, Benjamin L. Lubin.
Gore had sued Impra for $72 million in damages.
Gov. Evan Mecham's lawyer accused a state agency of intmidating defense witnesses Monday as he moved for a mistrial or dismissal of charges at the governor's impeachment trial.
While he does not believe the Conservative Party could take power, "I absolutely, definitely assume that they will become more and more negative from the point of view of stability as the country moves toward changes."
On the New York Stock Exchange, volume was 35.68 billion shares, a 30% rise from 27.51 billion the previous year.
Beryl Sprinkel, who plans to leave his post as White House economic adviser in November, said that current interest rates are "much higher than can be justified by inflation."
The check, which state officials say "is in the mail," will be set aside for her children's education, she says.
Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari has made it clear that his country has never been more committed to its environmental responsibilities.
News reports said that Shamir could not fire Nir in 1986 because he feared his dismissal might be interpreted in the United States as punishment for Nir's involvement in the weapons' deals.
Rose Cipollone was so hooked on cigarettes that she smoked a pack while in labor with her first child, even though she had tried to quit, an addiction expert testified in support of her family's liability suit.
Mr. Kerkorian split MGM Grand off from the movie company in 1980.
That market has been served by workstation makers like Apollo Computer Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc.
In its SEC filing yesterday, the group of companies affiliated with the Pritzker family said it acquired the Ramada stock "primarily for investment purposes."
But yesterday Mr. Anderson, Continental's former chairman and chief executive officer, testified as the FDIC's star witness, helping to point the finger at the banking concern's former auditors, Ernst & Whinney.
This contrasts with 1991 when prices shot up but volume was absent. 'We have noticed the buzz,' says John Houlihan, of the small companies team at Hoare Govett.
"We're in this for the long haul," Armentrout said. "We have memories as to what happened to people who sold out at the bottom of the crash in 1987.
Like most Moscow intellectuals, he already has got used to the idea that just about anything non-pornographic that isn't an outright attack on established order can be safely printed in this country now.
In another, shipments to military contractors were held up because of "paper work processing delays."
"On the older DC-8's, the gauges were so unreliable that we were directed by Braniff to disregard them totally and keep a fuel-burn chart," he said.
It is believed to have provided for the 'creation' of a financial department.
Under Korean law, the parliamentary committee has the power to refer the case to the prosecution for legal action, but the prosecution must decide whether to act.
The institute, a division of the Ministry of Health, said that as of the end of September, 23 girls and 18 boys had come down with the fatal disease.
The extra money, at a minimum, would mean that an agent wouldn't lose money on very low-priced tickets; the cost of booking a ticket sometimes exceeds the actual commission on fares of less than $200.
During the first five months of this year, 3,231 Romanians crossed ilegally into Hungary, deputy Interior Minister Zoltan Gal said last week.
About 5,000 teen-agers marched 22 miles Saturday to demand that the government find jobs for them and the estimated 10 million unemployed people in the country.
Vorotnikov was first deputy premier of the Russian republic in 1975-1979, but lost the support of the Kremlin leadership in the last years of President Leonid I. Brezhnev and was made ambassador to Cuba.
In view of the unpopularity of these measures, there are doubts, in a number of countries, on how long they will be maintained.
"She'll be able to do everything, including dance," Neuwirth told reporters at Manhattan's Institute Hospital for Joint Diseases.
But North End natives remember.
Eleven deaths involved sex slayings at a cabin 120 miles east of San Francisco.
There is no suggestion of a major civilization.
Gorbachev's decision to participate personally in the meeting showed the significance he attached to making the change.
Calling the United States a "nation at risk," Oliver North criticized the news media and Congress and praised President Reagan in a speech before a friendly audience of about 200 people.
Cezar was booked on first-degree robbery, criminal mischief and criminal trespassing, said police Sgt. Greg Phares.
His gain on the deal is estimated at 1.2 billion kronor.
Kasparov said Moscow either was unwilling or unable to solve ethnic disputes involving Azerbaijan and Armenia, and he called for individuals to begin direct negotiations between the republics.
But rank-and-file party members won't have the chance to vote on the party's candidates, Tass said.
The plant will be built and run by Onyx and Esys-Montenay, two companies in Compagnie Generale des Eaux, the French group, together with the council.
Mr. Chevalier, however, is in charge of the merger transition team.
Earlier, in the morning, Genoese said workers were being told to walk out.
The administration's record hasn't been entirely negative. Spurred by the warnings of scientists, it supported the international agreement to reduce emissions of chemicals that are destroying the Earth's ozone layer.
Responsibility for tourism has been passed from the Department of Trade and Industry to employment and now to the Department of National Heritage.
It believes that there is no evidence of any such rise. Last year the OFT found that selling The Times at 30p did not represent predatory pricing.
Appropriations for it are not much of a turkey to hand out to the voters, given that most people have never heard of it, the rest can't say it, and those who can don't know what it is.
The only way it can work is if prices in an area are rising at least 10% a year."
Earlier this month, three Bonneville investors filed a suit seeking class action status, charging Portland General with various federal securities law violations that the investors say led to Bonneville's financial collapse.
Eleven FBI agents who conducted the leak investigation took sworn statements from 109 people.
The trader tried again: "Selling Gore for any price."
"At the time the competing offer for $415 million was received, we had already signed a letter of intent with Hearst for $400 million," J.H. Creekmore, president of the endowment, said in a statement.
He said nuclear plants remain a feasible source of electricity despite the accident.
We were taken to a holding place for 14 days until they decided what to do with us.
'It started with the inter-Christian war in 1990.
After the earlier application was rejected, Hydro-Quebec offered the electricity to other Canadian utilities, but none was interested in buying it on the same terms as those offered to the New England group.
The raid was conducted with the knowledge of administrators appointed last week to help Polly Peck sort out its 1.3 billion pounds, or $2.5 billion, in debt, a Serious Fraud Office spokeswoman said.
He added that production should increase to 150,000 barrels a day with the addition of Parker's new technology and services from 25,000 barrels a day currently.
The turnout wasn't known, but was thought to be high.
"I was told I had to do it."
"Such a tunnel could be used by military forces and represents a flagrant violation of the Armistice Agreement," he added.
Museums are "making sure exhibitions are understandable to and enjoyable by wider populations," Able said.
The high court last May declined to decide the constitutionality of such enormous punitive-damage awards in personal-injury and breach-of-contract cases.
The three-network share was only 58, typical of last summer.
The Grand Canal and other major waterways remained open to gondolas and motorboats.
Coffee prices had strengthened in the past two weeks on speculation that the Bush administration would take a more conciliatory stance in ICO talks as part of its war on drugs.
In Switzerland, the Justice Minister said Sunday that a "precautionary" freeze has been placed on any assets that may be held in Switzerland by Ceausescu and his family.
The National Council of Higher Education Loan Programs, a trade group for loan agencies, estimates the figure to be between $200 million and $400 million.
He is also deputy chairman of the Clerical Medical & General life assurance society, as well as being a director of Monks Investment Trust and Macmillan.
Analysts said the agreement firmly establishes AT&T as an important supplier to the technology-starved former Soviet republics and Eastern Europe.
Fujitsu says its new machine, the VPP500, runs at a maximum of 355 gigaflops.
McCaw's outstanding hostile tender offer of $110 per share for LIN stock it doesn't already own had been scheduled to expire at midnight EDT Friday.
The report acknowledged the "fiscal realities" of federal budget deficits and that some potential trade-offs might have to be considered, including raising the $500 million by canceling some other USDA research.
Angola has long had a reputation as a hard place.
I can come in, do my voices alone.
The actively traded December contract also lost 80 cents, finishing at $359.50.
But this is placing a huge strain on staff training.
The warning is part of action by the industry against a bill, C-91, introduced in parliament in Ottawa this week.
Mr. Price will only say, "We are keen to invest in building our business.
Scientists now expect the spacecraft to be in and out of touch until controllers can send it new instructions on how to properly aim at Earth, he said.
It is getting Pounds 500,000 from the Council, the largest grant to date, to make good its ambitious policy of new commissions.
In basic services, it could be Dollars 10bn in five years, say industry executives. An official of Alcatel, the telecommunications equipment maker, says: 'We believe India is the next China.
That's where the exchange could be useful.' But this is all heady stuff, and the BSE has to learn to walk before trying to run.
The question of a successor immediately turned to whether Mr. Bush would nominate a black and whether the field of black conservatives was wide enough to choose from.
Cemetery workers restored the tombstones at a cost of thousands of rubles, the newspaper said.
The 1st District Court of Appeal agreed that Verketis would not have been waiting for the officer with a gun had he not suffered a "life-transforming injury," but said that fact did not make the sentence disproportionate to the crime.
Newmont, with its large mining operations and rights in the U.S., has the largest gold reserves of any company outside South Africa or the Communist world.
The remaining $25 million will be used to increase the company's cash reserves, officials said.
Mr. Kobayashi donated $100,000 each to the cities of New York and Los Angeles, explaining that the gifts reflected the Japanese custom of presenting a bowl of noodles to a neighbor when you move into a new house.
The movie will include an update at the end because the case is still unfolding, Ms. Whitcomb said.
"But how do we know it's necessary?" Still, the French president said he thought "the time has not come, far from it," for a "zero option" eliminating all short-range missiles from Europe.
But because the dollar's rally has slashed the value of European investments when translated into U.S. currency, an American investor with money in European stocks probably hasn't earned anything like 20%.
Many followers believe the 35-year-old Roman Catholic priest is a prophet.
The temporary cancellation of licenses for use of above-ground strychnine halts that product's use, but allows the pesticide to be used below ground.
Friday's edition of the magazine Paris-Match, for exampale, reported 23 percent of those questioned planning to vote for Chirac, to 19 percent for Barre.
In Cleveland, the family of Hartwig has criticized the Navy's report and characterized Hartwig as a convenient scapegoat being used to deflect attention from what they consider the Navy's negligence.
When he was cajoled by his divided German coalition partners to agree sharp price cuts in May, farm reform was in the bag. hard Mr Soisson is the unhappiest member of the cast.
But the decision may have little more than symbolic importance.
The outgoing Sandinistas turned over huge quantities to their supporters before leaving office.
The port was closed.
Information in the filing indicates that the insurer has not yet put its real estate problems behind it, however. During 1991, foreclosures on real estate increased by $700 million to $1.8 billion, the company said.
Two intriguing messages from a Lebanese terrorist group, the recent release of a West German hostage, and an apparent political shift in Iran are kindling fresh hopes that some of the nine American hostages in Lebanon will be set free this year.
Western European and Japanese leaders hailed Moscow's plan, but noted that any pact should be verifiable and linked to cuts in conventional forces.
The doctor, David Collings, performed 338 operations in Britain after returning last year from five years in his native Zimbabwe. Health officials are trying to find the patients to offer them counseling and, if necessary, a free blood test.
If management treats employees' concerns with indifference, then employees will not care about the customers' complaints.
I want it back.' I suppose some Moslems, reading those words uttered by Mr Salman Rushdie, the novelist, last week in his speech on the third anniversary of Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa condemning him to death, will have felt a grim satisfaction.
In the province of Warsaw, which includes the city and surrounding villages, local governments have paid only 3 percent of their annual dues to the provincial government, the Zycie Warszawy newspaper said.
Whitley told the Banking subcommittee that financial institution cases have overloaded the criminal justice system. A survey of FBI field offices showed more than 8,000 pending cases, half of them involving losses of $100,000 or more.
"I think people look at the world in many different ways and choose to see what they like," she said in an interview last year with The Washington Post. "I think lots of people ignore some of the harder issues, the more unpleasant things.
The 15-year-old pipeline was expected to be repaired by early Tuesday morning, he said.
All of them were thrashed by the police."
The temptation to deposit their wealth outside Indonesia is therefore difficult to resist.
"Subscribers can receive Time publications whose ads have information geared specifically towards them," says Bruce Judson, the magazine group's director of marketing, who spearheaded the program under Mr. Elliman.
Authorities contended Savage then sent Sean Doutre, 22, a bouncer at his bar, to kill Mrs. Spearman.
Some insiders say the Bronfmans have brought greater financial savvy to the board.
We see the car as an American car." The company saw the growing demand in Japan and "thought that it probably would sell," he said.
Zoran is the more exotic American equivalent, available at Browns in London, and English Eccentrics has had a great success with its classical motif devore chiffon and velvet. Evening transparency need not be expensive.
Yemen said Saturday that it was fully committed to honoring the U.N. embargo and denied reports it serves as a base for Iraqi warplanes.
Western claims that the borders will be redrawn in Europe "are strange postulates, in my view!" he wrote. "Yes, the Berlin Wall has stopped being an obstacle isolating East German citizens from the Western world."
If Smiles does not exercise the option, it is proposed the company be liquidated.
Separately, GM said that as of a June 1 deadline, about 12,400 North American blue-collar workers had accepted bonuses to quit their jobs or take early retirement.
The folks at Graceland say Elvis remains buried at his Memphis tourist attraction.
In past elections, rebels have sometimes cut off the fingers of people who voted.
Right now, I've got my feet up on the ottoman, and my remote control set to zap.
EC finance ministers last night supported legislation aimed at preventing banks overstretching themselves with large loans to single clients, writes Andrew Hill.
The company should be applauded for its nerve.
And that's principally the high technology companies like computers, and the aircraft industry." And Jones questioned whether economic growth could continue without a strong consumer contribution.
The religious parties also want to see abortions outlawed and commercial activity banned on the Jewish Sabbath.
Lazard was snubbed again when the Agnellis bought into Exor, a $1 billion holding company that includes some swank Paris real estate, the prestigious Chateau Margaux Bordeaux vineyard and a 35% controlling minority interest in Perrier.
Ashwell's truck was stopped April 11, but he said he was told it was because of faulty documentation for his cargo.
With independence come other liberties.
A court today upheld the government's ban on broadcast interviews with members of extremist groups in Northern Ireland.
The Navy said it was secretive to prevent the curious from collecting souvenirs or interfering in the cleanup.
The stock rose 5/8 Monday.
The four-car passenger train carrying about 60 passengers derailed and tumbled down an embankment after hitting the gravel-laden train in southwestern Netherlands at about 10:40 a.m., said spokesman Hans Meijer.
The state Board of Pardons today rejected a plea for clemency from convicted "Hi-Fi" murderer William Andrews, scheduled to die by injection early Tuesday after nearly 15 years on death row.
Such is the nature of TV that the show was taped in Brooklyn.
"They feel their time is more valuably spent in the lab getting some of the details people have criticized them for not having," said Brophy, who planned to attend the sessions in Santa Fe.
Where did you hear that?" said Gephardt.
The Philippine military said it had uncovered a plot by communist guerrillas to kill retired U.S. Maj. Gen.
Its compassion, conviction and lyricism have caused it to be read by millions around the world in 20 languages.
So is Volcker capable of moving the market? "No.
It needed a partner, and Mr. Nevin was determined to find one.
At that time, however, he stressed that he wasn't speaking for Mr. Hilton and that the company wasn't a party to the litigation.
"I expect the consumer will retrench," said Mr. Kahan of Kleinwort Benson.
The Senate Banking Committee approved the nominations of Alan Greenspan to be chairman of the Federal Reserve Board and David Ruder to be chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Wilder challenged a decade of political wisdom by taking the offensive with commercials on abortion on television, where pro-choice and right-to-life groups have both spent heavily on commercials as well.
The dollar slipped to 133.155 Japanese yen in New York, compared with 134.515 yen late Monday.
"What are the chances of this person in Iowa calling a random number in Tempe and getting a recording" describing a suicide attempt?
A neighbor of the victim noted the license plate number of the car from which the shots were fired and it was traced to Sindicic.
Led by retired Navy Adm.
Government troops overran a major Tamil rebel camp in eastern Sri Lanka and found the bodies of 20 policemen believed to have been captured last month, military officials said today.
The first device was produced at TI's Dallas chip research and manufacturing complex Feb. 12, Robert W. England, vice president of the company's semiconductor group, said Wednesday.
The restaurants had been serving such fare as baby spring chicken and chocolate decadence cake since the council stopped a city food service that had cost $4,600 per year.
That would hurt growth prospects for the colony. So, where will the equity market go from here?
Her little girl said: 'That newsman has broken the law.
After seasonal adjustment, the March trade surplus was $8.40 billion, down from $8.45 billion in February.
"It's not going to happen; the Congress won't go for it," said David Freeman, a former TVA head who now is general manager of the Municipal Utility District in Sacramento, Calif.
In the morning, it purchased Pounds 34m of Band 1 bank bills, and Pounds 200m in repos for resale on 29 July.
The Beazer group said today it would extend its $60-a-share offer, launched March 3, from its scheduled expiration at midnight today until midnight April 15.
It currently is 8% for six-month borrowings.
Stethem's parents, Richard and Patricia, and their other two sons, Kenneth and Patrick, listened closely to the proceedings.
If Poland had equipment using Western microprocessors, the whole operation could fit into a single room, said Janusz Cienecki, the engineer in charge of the center.
The nuclear issue "couldn't come at a worse time," said a diplomat from a NATO country, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Hastings, the first black federal judge in Florida, was acquitted in 1983 of charges that he solicited a bribe.
Police say that since September, there have been 28 incidents involving gang shootings on Okinawa.
The shares slipped 2 to 415 1/2 p, as did the partly paid, to 172p.
But I'm already facing up to the irreversibility of the aging process." Porizkova said she's learned to "sew great curtains, paint, build dollhouses, act and write."
Norway's $500 million offering, launched last Monday, was seen as a major test of reviving investor appetite for Eurodollar securities.
Yet it's crucial jargon because the civil-rights lobby has based its entire strategy on the courts.
Evie, an 8-year-old female giraffe, died Sunday about 11 hours after falling on her side, zoo officials said.
Twenty-six aliens were arrested at Los Angeles International Airport and 11 were arrested at Ontario International Airport 30 miles east of here in sweeps staged late Saturday and early Sunday, according to an INS official.
Mountbatten's expression gave nothing away.
The only other Michelin three-star restaurant in Britain, the Waterside Inn at Bray, is owned by Roux's brother, Michel.
Each company has invested $1 million in the venture for start-up funding.
"I deal with a lot of real world things here that perhaps the clergy who have been clergy for their whole careers don't see," he said.
Most short-term interest rates rose yesterday while bond prices fell for the third session in a row.
Improved weather _ lighter wind and higher humidity _ allowed progress against the blaze, and U.S. Forest Service spokeswoman Rosalinda Ewen said many of the 2,300 firefighters had been sent home.
"You can postpone a new road," he said. "You can't postpone a defective bridge." Stanley anticipates no problems with tolls. "I personally believe people will pay tolls if it's a direct user fee," said Stanley.
Calls for the king's return have gained urgency since the Soviets ended their nine-year intervention in Afghanistan last week by pulling out the last of their troops.
Last Christmas, an 11th Circuit judge was killed by a mail bomb and a similar bomb was safely intercepted at the courthouse. Another bomb killed a Savannah lawyer and one was sent to the NAACP office in Jacksonville, Fla.
A plume of smoke was visible in Jacksonville, about 40 miles north of the plant.
"He's the large systems guy in the corporation and the person with the most technical background among senior management," Mr. Mandresh said.
This deal was announced in early September.
Mr. Gephardt, for his part, would have to elevate himself from the protectionism vineyards where he mostly labors and accept some larger responsibilities.
Most of the Soviet visitors praised Mikhail S. Gorbachev's reforms, saying they had greatly simplified the procedure for getting exit visas.
As a result, the median-priced home in metropolitan Boston rose, while actual prices in all categories fell.
Some Democratic strategists believe Mr. Kopetski should do something dramatic, such as filing an ethics complaint against Rep. Smith.
We need every subscription we can get," said Shine. "Some guy walked out of the building and thought we'd gone bankrupt." Shine couldn't speak long because customer service workers were passing around passes for free kisses.
The Rhode Island maker of graphic recording systems said it expects to report a gain of $2.50 a share for the first quarter ending April 30 as a result of a $3 million legal settlement.
Estonia declared support Tuesday for the declaration of independence by its Baltic neighbor, Lithuania, and appealed to Mikhail S. Gorbachev to end military and political pressure against Lithuania.
But Mrs. Hull refused to promise and tore up the note on the floor.
This summer, the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town's winter ski season.
After five years of community education, Farquhar said, the average plasma cholesterol level among residents in Salinas and Monterey was 2 percent below that of people in Modesto and San Luis Obispo, which were used for comparison.
Blaize's ouster as party leader was apparently due to his drop in popularity, especially among the young, and his ill health.
Addressing a Lithuanian festival, Bush challenged the Soviet Union to make good on its reforms toward openness by relaxing its grip on the nations it occupied after World War II.
The Central Ionizing Radiation Protection Service, a government agency, said there were no injuries.
In 1988, officials estimate, 44 percent of voting-age Hispanics were registered, compared to 54 percent of blacks and 60 percent of whites.
The ruling Politburo also replaced this month its party leaders in both republics.
For weeks after Murphy used it, we went around at `This Morning' saying, `Lighten up.
Col. Billy Bibit in the predawn raid, police said.
And there are few signs that the pace will slow this month.
Moscow wants IMF endorsement of its credentials as a pro-reform government, while the Fund is seeking to justify its position as lead manager in helping Russia remake its economy in the capitalist mould. Reaching agreement will not be easy.
In Moscow, Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze proposed Friday that Europeans, Americans and Canadians vote on reunification because they suffered so much in World War II.
In the municipal market, a huge $2.6 billion issue of New York state tax and revenue anticipation notes was offered to investors through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
The ditch was supported by 57 percent of the San Diego-area residents, while 31 percent of this group said they opposed the plan.
Japan's trade surplus grew 41.7% in September from a year earlier to a record, heightening worries about friction with other nations.
The big gain in incomes reflected in part healthy increases in employment which occurred during February.
The six to eight gunmen, who have killed two passengers, demand that Kuwait free 17 pro-Iranian extremists convicted in the 1983 bombings of the U.S. and French embassies there.
He set the Feb. 9 election date after weeks of speculation that he wanted to extend the term he first won in 1983.
Each senator will be getting 350 books and each member of the House about 300.
There will be new challenges for NATO, as the level of concern about armed conflict reduces.
Critics fear a new paramilitary will increase human rights abuses against civilians.
Speculative demand was sustained but analysts said that state-owned investment institutions sold heavily in all major stocks, smothering the rally.
"We would like to lower our voices a little and let these issues play out for a few days and see what happens," Bush spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said on Aug. 11.
It is buying the stake at a multiple of around 12 times this year's earnings.
The main evidence for all this against Mr. Wallach came from Anthony Guariglia, which is why the case collapsed.
Most of the time, the perpetrators, in fact, have gone unpunished in any significant way.
Attendances at races mushroomed, television audiences grew apace, sponsorship brought unprecedented resources to the teams, and the big car-makers entered the fray on a greater scale than ever before.
Karl Wiedergott, who recently did a pilot for a new CBS-TV series called "Limited Partners," plays the role of Tyler.
Volume was a high 502.5 million shares.
At the clinic, she said she had been sexually active for two years without birth control and had had one abortion.
Sarney is widely blamed for official corruption and an annual inflation rate of at least 1,300 percent.
With unemployment hovering near a 14-year low, wages have begun to creep higher and jobs have become a focal point for policy-making.
Satwant Singh's appeal sought prosecution of two of Mrs. Gandhi's security guards.
"NCR is an enormous organization, and it isn't going to change overnight," says Ronald Stanczak, a former executive.
Gudeman said he provided the information but hasn't received a reply.
Lawrence P. Lataif will head McDermott, Will's national and international business immigration practice.
Known as the RBRVS study, for Resource-Based Relative-Value Scales, the system would pay doctors based on how much work goes into a given task.
Mr. Blair said Nova has already reduced its debt by roughly C$1 billion, which was its target for the 15 months ending Dec. 31, partly by applying proceeds of C$456 million from a recent rights offering.
Bing, born in Vienna, Austria, went to Britain in the 1930s, where he headed the Glyndebourne Opera and founded the famed Edinburgh Festival.
"SDI is destined to be no more than a research program," said John Steinbruner, director of foreign policy studies at the Brookings Institution, a liberal think tank.
I am merely one who loves well-done films, be they in color or black and white.
But Gamble says the recent rise in timber prices of 10-20 per cent must be an excellent leading indicator that now is a fine time to buy a wood. US prices have done better still.
Schumer, of Brooklyn, said many House members have been interested in change but haven't banded together before to give each other support.
By blocking the gene, the scientists delayed the ripening of tomatoes by one to three months.
William Feathergail Wilson, Placid's exploration vice president, told the Hunts of an ancient Mississippi River 50 miles wide and 200 feet deep, which buried a treasure of oil-forming debris in the vicinity of Green Canyon.
His spokesman suggested that Russia might reconsider its borders with any republic that left the union, a statement that caused a furious reaction in both Kazakhstan and the Ukraine, the two republics that stand to lose the most.
Orange juice futures prices fell sharply; heating oil futures posted fresh gains as the nation's record-setting cold spell continued; precious metals advanced; livestock and meat futures were mixed; and grains and soybeans were mixed.
Gains are tax-free - but this is also true of shares held within a personal equity plan. What if the Footsie were to slide just before June 29 1998?
This unpretentious, bucolic setting in central Kansas seems appropriate for Doskocil's quiet, shy founder.
In Seattle, where there is licensed day care for fewer than half the children who need it, voters approved a school levy in 1986 that included $5 million to create space for child-care facilities in certain schools.
The chief of staff declined to say which federal programs the president would cut to help finance his anti-drug effort.
AIDS victims deserve care and treatment.
Gifts such as those from government entities and from a person who isn't a lobbyist would have to be reported quarterly if over $100.
The caution among economists reflects awareness of a number of factors that could act as a restraint on activity.
These companies have discovered that when consumers say "value," they don't mean cheap.
Not only companies, but also the Economic Planning Agency, a police station and a city government office have requested copies of the song, Sankyo says.
The convoys are a new wrinkle in a month-old protest by truckers boycotting Indiana truckstops, gas stations and restaurants to call attention to regulations that hurt their business.
The Hall of Fame was established five years ago by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Under the law, he need only certify that five specified conditions have been met to lift sanctions.
The staggering $102 billion foreign debt is the best-known of Mexico's economic problems, but it is far from the only one.
The prospects of Gandhi's party are uncertain.
Michael Williams, formerly md Europe for Barclays Global Services, has been appointed general manager in charge of the banking division of NOMURA Bank International.
"We said yes," she said. " We know we're innocent.
The decision was overturned by the European Court of First Instance in March for procedural reasons. The raids followed complaints by UK customers of rises of some 30 per cent in February and March.
Two weeks ago, the brokerage opened an 80,000-square-foot call-handling center in Denver.
Goldthwait said the wheat is for shipment for March.
Ebsen was the original Tin Man until an allergic reaction to the makeup forced him to give up the part.
He said it would be cheaper and require less work than with commercial fertilizers.
The state senators, voting 264, also found the first-term Republican guilty of misusing $80,000 in public funds.
Their prices held up well during the pummeling absorbed by bank stocks last fall and have surged in the bank-stock rally this year.
Precisely because nobody can agree over who owns Macedonia, say these young Macedonians, the best solution for Macedonia is for it to be separate and multinational.
Being that aggressive would require answering too many questions.
Pickens claims that the company's unwillingness to seat him on Koito's board of directors or make other changes that he wants is a symbol of Japan's unwillingness to open its markets to foreign competitors.
The problem is that the filter gets blocked, making the machine progressively less efficient.
As an indication of how long the Swiss legal procedures may take, experts in Switzerland cited the Philippine government's attempts to identify and recover assets held in Switzerland by ousted President Ferdinand Marcos.
Time, which had already agreed to merge with Warner, rejected a sweetened $200-a-share bid from Paramount Communications Inc. Back then, Time stock hit a record high of $182.75.
Last month, Orion said in a quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that the company may have to seek protection under federal bankruptcy law if it can't meet its debt payments scheduled for the end of August.
Through his compact-disk player, a jazz band seems to come to life in his van.
Industry sources have identified British Gas, Elf Aquitaine and Houston-based Enron Corp., which operates the nation's largest natural gas transmission system, as three companies that have made trips to the Texas Eastern data rooms.
Southern Pacific and Calnev have agreed to buy 22 homes, including those destroyed or damaged in addition to others deemed in an unsafe location.
He specifically credits Platt with helping to achieve that rate of expansion, as well as highlighting her contribution to the group's investment business in France and Spain. Platt moved to BZW from Mercury Asset Management.
Now the French have chased it, like an unwanted ant, from pique-nique.
Because the SS-20 can be moved along highways in special trucks, critics maintain, the U.S. can't know from satellite photos just how many there are now.
Dole acknowledged that the president's new willingness to consider "tax revenue increases" is not popular.
If he decides Kimberly-Clark is liable, damages will be determined in a separate proceeding.
But when emigration rules were relaxed, the flood began.
He was desperate to find a replacement for the mother he'd lost, but the people who stepped in to care for him would always keep him at a distance, even refusing to officially adopt him.
"We look forward to another record performance in 1988," Frank Popoff, Dow's president and chief executive officer, said yesterday.
"I can't even say, they were so horrible.
More striking is that the prospect of higher short term interest rates did nothing to revive the dollar.
Santos says it's a full-time job to polish and buff the 2,400 pairs of shoes that Imelda left behind when she and her husband, Ferdinand Marcos, fled to Hawaii after the February 1986 uprising that toppled his administration.
"We should make sure that it is always there for boys and girls to enjoy forever," Jonny said.
Michael Andrews, D-Texas, and Robert Mrazek, D-N.Y., now moves to the House floor after passing the committee by a 27-11 vote.
But nothing can tell you how well they will do in the future. Your best bet is to examine a trust's consistency.
Robert Stovall, president of Stovall/Twenty-First Advisers in New York, warns that "during bull markets, presidential speeches have been known to be rallykillers" because investors' high expectations are easily disappointed.
"I had a better handle on what the Fed was going to do than how the economy was going to perform," he says.
"I think at minimum the market should be very pleased with the numbers," said Dirk Van Doren, a high-yield analyst at McCarthy Crisanti & Maffei Inc.
He has expressed hope for their replacement.
Dominion Securities' wholly owned Dominion Securities Inc. unit is one of the last remaining major independent investment firms in Canada, following deregulation of the securities industry this summer.
Although Unisys has made progress on other fronts and has reduced its debt by $300 million this year, it also said it is continuing to negotiate with its banks to try to get access to more funds.
The fuel from the first - lower interest rates - has probably run dry, although a distressing fall in January consumer confidence earlier this week did briefly revive speculation that the Fed would ease its monetary policy one more time.
They charged the government has issued two conflicting lists of polling locations and districts which could allow people to vote twice.
But to compete with conventional fuels, these products need government tax breaks. The European Commission has proposed that biodiesel and other similar products attract lower rates of duty.
The bill also would gradually take back from the well-to-do the tax saving realized from personal exemptions.
It would use a new vaporizing technology to convert reactor-grade plutonium now stored near Richland, Wash., into plutonium suitable for use in nuclear weapons.
Aided by a government policy that guided the growth of specific industries through "policy loans," the conglomerate moved into shipbuilding and steel making.
There was no independent confirmation and no comment by Baghdad, which has been fighting a brutal mountain war against the Kurdish guerrillas, who seek an independent homeland.
Following protests and threats of pickets during the tournament, the club accepted a black insurance executive as an honorary member.
The Kremlin said it was tightening the tap on Lithuania's natural gas supply Tuesday and may cut oil and gasoline to the Baltic republic for refusing to rescind pro-independence laws, Lithuanian leaders said.
The Gramm-Rudman Act forced government to at least attempt scaling back, and the phasing out of tax deductions on installment debt has made individuals more conscious of saving rather than spending.
One of the Navy's highest-ranking admirals has asked to retire after being disciplined for alleged personal misconduct while stationed in Italy, according to the Navy and defense sources.
Intelsat denied, however, that Comsat exerted undue pressure.
Police and Secret Service agents said Daughetee has no apparent motive for stalking Bush.
A continent frozen in hostility for so long has become a continent of revolutionary change.
"In Missouri alone, only about 50 percent of our corn crop has been planted and we are more than two weeks behind normal planting cotton," said Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., who spearheaded the senators' efforts.
Too many times it works." Tougher state laws and more aggressive enforcement have driven many boiler room operators from the Fort Lauderdale area, but Neal estimates about 80 large telemarketing fraud operations still carry on from Miami to Palm Beach.
McKesson remains one of the largest potential partners yet to sign such a deal. Sir Richard Sykes, chief executive, has said that deals with intermediaries and even other pharmaceuticals companies were under consideration.
Germany, by contrast, has a state tax which yields its churches a lavish income.
The Boeing 727 plane arrived in Caracas on Wednesday night from Miami and the drug was found a few hours later, airport authorities said.
Miss Turner became famous in the mid-1960s in a duo with her then-husband, Ike Turner.
Anti-apartheid leaders believe a window of opportunity may be created both by the new U.S. administration and by the anticipated change in their country's leadership.
But he also believes in counterpunching.
Advancers led decliners, 1,001 to 596.
For fly fishing, save about 15 inches of the tippet, leaving the fly or hook attached.
The US base at Fairford, from where B-52 bombers flew 7,500-mile missions against Iraq in the Gulf war, is mothballed.
The 1986 figure was restated to include commodity transactions on a gross profit basis.
The 0.42 rise in the Nasdaq Composite Index to 385.01 was the third consecutive advance and the seventh this month.
While most analysts expect modest earnings growth this fiscal year, they are enthusiastic about the future, largely due to the prospects for Bombardier's 50-seat Regional Jet, or RJ.
Brunner's wife, Rosmarie, died in 1986.
But he warned that there is still a glut in the U.S. oil inventory, and that "you never know how inventory figures (to be released Tuesday) will affect" prices.
"Some of us are not in such pressing need for money," he said, "but there are others who are.
By the time police arrived, the fight had broken up and the women were in their car.
After eight or so years of buying more foreign military components, Congress is seeking to require that long lists of items be purchased in the U.S.
But Joe Fernandez, Dade's school superintendent, says he doesn't care what the NRA thinks.
Some NATO officials were caught switching the TV monitors to the Wimbledon tennis semi-final.
The consent decree filed in federal district court in Cleveland and made public yesterday requires LTV to bring the two plants into compliance with the Clean Water Act within 30 days after the decree is finalized, probably within a month.
The move will result in a $1.8 billion loss to the bank for the current financial quarter.
The bill also frees up an estimated $363 million in prior appropriations for the State Department, including U.S. contributions to the United Nations and the World Health Organization.
Free care used to be given to citizens at hospitals boasting some of the most advanced equipment in the world.
If upward momentum fails, however, profit-taking could drag the dollar down toward 1.56 marks and 135 yen before buyers reappear, Mr. Standing said.
This might well be the year that the power of prayer is overcome by the power of politics: observers agree that outrage over conditions at Bethel has been so great that the Legislature might be forced to act.
Each share repurchase right entitled the right holder to sell to Gillette one share of its common stock for $45 a share.
But the court now is far more closely divided on its 1973 abortion-legalizing decision, Roe vs. Wade, and Souter again Monday turned aside questions about his personal views on that topic.
The cities belong to the government, and caught in between are hundreds of thousands of displaced families and a network of roads that is the last lifeline of a desperate economy.
"Some people don't understand what they read," said Mrs. Smith, head of the tenant association. "I feel like somebody is ballooning things out of proportion.
Even Southern California stayed cold today with lows of 28 in the Los Angeles enclave of Burbank, 25 up the coast at Santa Barbara, and 6 in Lancaster, north of Los Angeles over the San Gabriel Mountains.
Until recently, most acquisitions in the sector have been made by other brewers.
Awaiting medical treatment next to the body was 18-year-old Raed Majed Husseini.
He also said the next rally in land prices will be unlike the one in the 1970s, which was fueled by inflation.
The first of these 'super-grasses' came forward in 1984 - Tommaso Buscetta, a former Palermo boss who fled to Brazil.
In the fall, says veteran party strategist Steve Merksamer, Mr. Quayle may help "not with the general public per se but with the base" of conservative voters who must turn out heavily to keep the state in the GOP column.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Philip Morris shares closed at $67.125.
The government has said that if guerrillas want to participate in the assembly, they must sign a peace agreement and take steps toward disbanding.
And, indeed, why not?
Democratic Sen. Paul Simon was challenged in a bid for re-election by Republican Rep. Lynn Martin, whose anti-tax message and late call for limiting the terms of Washington lawmakers had not stopped her slide in the polls.
Anderson, 51, of Yorba Linda, Calif., has been named "Suggester of the Year" for submitting nine little gems that were adopted by his company and resulted in cost-savings improvements totaling $22 million in 1987.
At Wimbledon last year, Andrew Foster, Chris Wilkinson and Chris Bailey all performed to their full potential. The next generation will be better prepared.
"They don't attempt to educate anyone about any possible health effects of smoking.
The U.S. attorney for Minnesota said the indictment charges a former Sealed Air unit with illegally exporting 434 drums of an anti-corrosion chemical to Libya in April 1986, in violation of an executive order issued earlier that year.
A book of Kuri's stories, including "Soba," scored third on a June list of national best sellers, and a movie deal is in the making.
A Nov. 1 order signed by Circuit Judge William Howell found Siegel in contempt of a 1986 ruling that he make the connection. Howell gave Siegel 60 days to hook up or go to prison.
Most public offerings are sold for 30 to 90 days before the funds start trading futures; after that, they are closed to additional investment.
Meanwhile, the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service says it still plans to institute proceedings to deport Bosch from the United States.
Department economists predicted a 24% jump in soybean production to 1.91 billion bushels, slightly higher than estimates made by private analysts.
Chrysler is striking back in part with an upscale version of its vans.
Holders of the Canadian concern have the option of exchanging each of their shares for about 0.7 share of the U.S. parent.
South Africa has refused to give up its control of Namibia, in defiance of the 1978 U.N. resolution, until the Cubans leave Angola.
Worse, the agency has endured some painful losses in the last year.
The strike is one of many plaguing Peru.
The one flame red cotton poplin dress with balloon sleeves was a standout among all the sober clothes.
As Namibians danced in the streets celebrating independence after 75 years of South African rule, many whites in this country were feeling betrayed and bitter.
A firmer futures market also gave support.
Scott Allen Hain, 19, convicted of killing two Tulsa restaurant employees, who were locked in the trunk of a car that was then set on fire.
But Ofwat might reason that an appeal or two might be an acceptable price to pay for keeping water bills as low as possible.
After an eight-week trial, a jury earlier this month awarded former Ashland Oil vice presidents Bill E. McKay $14.4 million and Harry Williams $7.7 million in lost earnings and benefits.
They contend that the economy still is too weak to withstand higher rates, and that a recession appears increasingly likely.
Initially they poured port wine into three lead crystal decanters and over the next four months periodically tested the wine for lead levels.
"The one who did this is still out there," he said in a final statement.
Margaret Tutwiler, the State Department spokeswoman, said the department "has had no contact with the Soviets regarding the Bloch investigation."
A similar law in South Dakota was struck down because it offered no such protection.
And they are dropping fast as productivity is rising at a good clip.
He said required stricter controls were needed to ensure order, the agency reported.
In gloomy remarks that appeared directed partly at congressional budget negotiators, Darman spoke of "across-the-board spending reductions of a totally unprecedented size" if the $100 billion gap can't be bridged by a budget compromise.
'Of course, it is not easy,' says Kuwahara.
The offering, Series 92, backed by Freddie Mac 9 1/2% securities, brings Freddie Mac's 1989 Remic volume to $26.9 billion and its total issuance to $40.9 billion since the program began in February 1988.
About 200 Cambodian refugees prayed for peace in their village of exile in Thailand, Site B, exactly 11 years after Vietnam invaded their homeland and started the continuing civil war.
McCain said Congress has enough problems at the moment without exempting itself from laws that eliminate bias and discrimination.
FT-SE options normally make up just under a quarter of daily turnover. The June FT-SE future closed at 2,509, down 12 points.
Instead, he chose to stay in material operations at an antiquated plant nearby that GM had promised to close.
This is why we came here." Police reinforcements were called in to keep passersby and supporters of the strikers away.
Agency officials said they are investigating whether Gray and Robinson violated federal conflict-of-interest rules by using their positions as church-affiliated HUD sponsors to lease the government homes for themselves.
The government is also requiring the exchange to increase its surveillance of trading and to periodically inform its members about its rules prohibiting trading done to artificially influence price or volume.
Eskimos would not need visas to make the trip.
Most of our effort goes into manufacturing.
In the run-up to the decision, there had been widespread apprehension that the red-robed judges in Karlsruhe might tie the treaty in so many legal knots as to bring it crashing to the ground.
Each Class A share will carry one vote, while each Class B share will carry 10 votes.
In the uprising, at least 721 Palestinians have been slain by Israeli gunfire and 45 Israelis have died.
Ashland officials worked to settle the dispute for almost a decade.
With improved shipping reliability and product improvements, he said, the company was able to get its products back into several major department stores. He also said Farah didn't have to discount prices as much this year as it did last year.
"We have to fight ourselves into new markets, and that's not easy," Mr. Scheider said.
Short-time workers are defined as employees who stay on their companies payrolls but work less than the normal 38 hours a week.
But the liberal Free Democrats, junior partner in the centre-right government, said they remained unhappy about a new income tax surcharge and would not be rushed into an early coalition deal.
The time to act is now, and we are turning to the adhesive industry for help," Morison told the conference.
Even though Congress has approved the Great Plains sale, the plant's high operating costs make its market value questionable in the face of depressed oil and gas prices.
Morocco's King Hassan appeared less supportive of the idea of sending in troops, officials said, although he too indicated a willingness to participate in some Arab force.
In fact, it was just a traffic accident.
So a few years on a chunky salary would presumably be welcome - allowing him, for instance, to trade up from the holiday time share he has in Puerto Vallarta.
Police have linked the renewed tension in Jerusalem to the latest leaflet put out by Palestinian leaders.
But he added the company had also been approached by Chinese provinces seeking to interest it in a greenfield venture - an option Goodyear would consider if no suitable partner could be found.
Nevada voters approved a measure to protect abortion rights.
He tried again in 1978 and lost to Hammond by 98 votes. Hickel then ran a write-in campaign as an independent in the general election and lost.
The insurance and financial services holding company signed a letter of intent to sell a controlling interest to an investor group for $4 a share.
Four Afghan air force officers flew a government helicopter into Pakistan today and asked for political asylum for their crew, the Defense Ministry said.
A 60-day comment period will begin Dec. 22 to give the public time to offer opinions on the agreement.
"I look forward to the day when there is commercial service and I have a chance to go back," Armstrong said.
Grain futures settled mostly lower while soybeans finished mostly higher on the Chicago Board of Trade in a quiet session that appeared to mark the end of the recent selling wave, analysts said.
After years of such treatment, the editors were upset with the less-deferential treatment given them by the new French owners.
He is also the Visitor to five of Oxford's 34 colleges.
Mr. Everett said he hopes to restart the plant by early summer.
If this figure isn't revised as the previous one was, it would be the first such deficit in more than 50 years.
Criminal elements had infiltrated the SDUs, and some had run out of control.
Stock prices were widely mixed, showing signs of steadying after Thursday's steep slide.
It finished Oct. 19 down $8, without any intraday trading gaps.
"It's a losing proposition," says co-owner Marie Pietropinto, explaining salvagers must now drain all coolants, dispose of the battery and pay to get rid of waste oil.
Davis, who owns 2.9 percent of NWA's common shares, said in a statement that he supports the proposed transaction, but will reserve final judgement until he meets with his advisers.
In response, Sand levied escalating fines against the city _ $100 for the first day and doubling every day after that.
She asked him to advise her of the results of the latest investigation as soon as possible.
Do you believe Governor Hunt can help you reach some of those by being so strong in the Tennessee Valley? Bush: Well, I think he's a proponent of the space program that I have set forth.
I parked the ageing company Range Rover and with an innocent: 'See you in a few minutes,' went to find Hassan, the clearing agent. Or rather, he found me.
The lion's share of this increase was incurred to finance transfers to east Germany.
Chairman Roger B. Smith say goodbye to hundreds of friends at an opulent bash featuring smoked duck and $120-a-bottle champagne.
Mr Peskin may feel he has made a great sacrifice.
The Class B stock would have 10 votes to the common's single vote and couldn't be transferred under most circumstances.
The Persian Gulf war is expected to be on the agenda when Reagan and Gorbachev meet May 29-June 2 in Moscow.
These are straight bonds, Harry.
But Kraft, which says it has captured 57% of the national market since its 1987 entry, is responding aggressively to the new competition.
There are two key points.
The polio vaccine is the only common vaccine clearly shown to cause the disease it was supposed to prevent, said Samuel Katz, chairman of the pediatrics department at the Duke University Medical Center.
SEC Chairman David S. Ruder told a Senate subcommittee today that his agency has asked Swiss authorities to provide information on trades emanating from that country that the SEC believes involved Lee.
The success of its forthcoming share sale will largely depend on how far that can be changed.
The man born in 1961 has never known government as a "provider."
He's glad when the job is done, when he no longer is hanging in a sling seat 300 feet above ground.
The company could not be contacted yesterday.
Stock prices were mostly lower in a sluggish, holiday atmosphere on Wall Street today.
Marvin Maurice Wells, whose 1986 capital murder trial was halted when prosecutors found the right man, last year lost his $6.5 million federal suit against the police.
The Japanese central bank resumed its intervention in early Tokyo trading Wednesday.
While some people say the airport will not attract enough business to be viable, others say it is essential to attract foreign investment and bring more tourists to the territory.
Ms. Zaffuto theorizes that when the economy slows down, there is unused money sloshing around that is parked in financial assets, driving up their value.
It was a late campaign sprint in behalf of Dukakis.
Shell owns 16 of the leases.
The stock ended 19 lower at 743p on turnover of 4.9m.
Analysts agreed, however, that Digital's quarterly earnings probably won't continue to double compared with year-earlier results, as they have during the past few quarters.
The top four floors of a building under construction collapsed Thursday, burying the basement offices of a furniture factory.
"Losing the money was terrible.
Results in several municipal elections in the southern state of Oaxaca in August also were disputed.
"We have a commitment to Israeli security that is rock-hard and unshakable," a second State Department official said. "There is nothing new in that.
And out of necessity: The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power, but a single error on his part could cost him his life.
About 150 strikers at the 4,500-worker Repair Shipyard also vowed to stay off the job "to the end," they said.
"We reserve the right to impose our standards of taste," said Wayne Ethridge, a land planner, who is sponsoring the contest with Herschell Ross.
Although the bill does not specifically address the cost of Operation Desert Shield, expected to total $15 billion in fiscal 1991, sea lifts and projects such as the M-1 tank are key to the U.S. buildup in the gulf.
With the 90-day permits, workers can qualify for temporary residency.
The third contender for this contract is a partnership between U.S. firm Parsons Brinckerhoff, Scott Wilson Kirkpatrick Consulting/Engineering of Britain and Hong Kong architectural consultants Wong Tung & Partners Ltd.
In 1986, 138 nesting pairs were counted and 192 chicks survived to fly, he said.
"Did you understand you were committing a crime when you traded on inside information from Dennis Levine?," asked Assistant U.S. Attorney Scott Gilbert.
But GM also has dropped some cars from the incentive program and cut the rebates on others.
But intelligence sources said Mr. Reagan always signed such decision memoranda himself, often in more than one place, and they said they couldn't recall a single case in which the president didn't sign a decision memo authorizing a covert action.
The report also said McDonnell Douglas Corp. was one of the few major defense contractors to post a sales increase for the year.
The department received bids for the notes totaling $19.19 billion and accepted those of 6.62% to 6.66%, including $354 million of noncompetitive bids at the average return.
Nobody will play the sap for the U.S. banks."
It should see seven times as far as the most powerful earth-bound scopes.
He said, "If you ask Jack Nicklaus the best round of golf he ever had on the easiest golf course, and he told you it was 60, but yesterday he shot an 82 on St. Andrews, would you say he lost 22 strokes off his game?"
By March 1, the company said it hopes to reduce its work force by another 100 to 200 employees.
A prisoner who won $1,000 in a restaurant promotion was escorted to the post office in handcuffs Tuesday to mail paperwork to receive his prize.
Together, they currently control 38% of the company's total voting power.
Industry executives said it's more likely that IBM will continue the voluntary programs it has used with increasing frequency over the past two years to entice employees into accepting early retirement or buy-out packages.
Rock stars Tina Turner, David Bowie, Lionel Ritchie and the Miami Sound Machine also have appeared in Pepsi ads.
The statue, depicting a trio of battle-weary soldiers, was included in response to criticism that the memorial did not adequately represent Vietnam veterans.
The evacuees were brought to Elberton Civic Center where volunteers helped them find shelter at local motels or at the homes of family and friends in the area.
"We believe this will be the most historic auction of antique aircraft ever," museum President David Price said. "It's like mounting a Broadway show.
He was a good friend," Milne said.
Noting that he favors limits on the number of years politicians can hold office, he said, "It is time for them to go." He conceded that most "experts say I cannot win.
The Small Business Administration is beginning an experimental program designed to give hard-headed business advice to fledgling women entrepreneurs.
If Dukakis and Bush don't get them out, Voinovich and Metzenbaum will," the mayor said.
There were scattered posters in Shanghai earlier this week calling for a general strike, but they have largely disappeared, residents say.
But people well-versed on the subject say such concern by possible users usually doesn't last.
Recently Tom Shales of the Washington Post intoned, "The emergence and dominance of MTV represent unquestioning surrender to the corporate ethic by Ronald Reagan's figurative grandchildren."
The new ceiling is 1 million barrels per day higher than the current level but below the estimated daily output in recent weeks of about 21 million barrels.
The Texan has fought feverishly to retain special tax treatment for the oil industry, especially the independent companies not affiliated with the giant major firms.
Her barn in the snow might as well have ben painted by an artist who had never seen snow, but only told that it was white.
With varying success, new video remembrances of John F. Kennedy reflect the magic and the fears of his 1,000 days in the White House.
"She went to the back door, looked out and wanted to know if that was all of our yard and if that was our garage, which the Secret Service men were all in," Mrs. Watson said.
For this spring's touch, it's a large banded straw hat overturned like a salad bowl.
Card told reporters in Lexington, Ky., as Bush prepared to return to the capital after a three-day swing through Texas and Mississippi, that the review would determine which of the models would be permanently barred.
Also Tuesday, China's official Xinhua News Agency criticized as traitors fugitive Chinese dissidents who have formed groups in the United States to work for democratic reform at home.
It is an extension of an Ecu5bn EIB credit line agreed at last year's Edinburgh summit.
Just where does the innocent family snapshot or the sensitive portrait of a young person differ from a naked picture sold to pederasts and prosecutable under the law?
The legislation would continue to fund construction of some 400 dams and harbor and irrigation projects where work has begun, and maintain hundreds of others already in operation.
He has restored ties with Egypt and opened oil negotiations with the Americans for the possible return of U.S. oil companies to Libya, hinting he is also ready to improve relations.
Twenty years later Jean-Francois Champollion, the world's first Egyptologist, solved the puzzle of ancient heiroglyphic writing through texts from the Rosetta Stone, a basalt tablet now housed in the British Museum in London.
He said some bargain hunting also helped push up the index.
Only in exceptional circumstances would loans become repayable before maturity. Academics have welcomed the initiative.
LONDON (AP) - Italian film director Bernardo Bertolucci can go ahead with a movie on the life of Buddha.
Because of this integration, Hezbollah has been able to penetrate the other local forces.
And just in case audiences don't see just how human Ryoko is, Mr. Itami shows her kidding around with a stranger's baby, looking disarmingly unserious for a change.
The manufacturer has withdrawn Alar from the U.S. market.
The combined companies will operate under the name CPP/Pinkerton.
But Manhattan, inc. has no such plans.
Although Miss Ball hadn't visited Jamestown since 1956 and had no family there, she stayed in touch with friends.
Food shortages have caused a public outcry.
When she refused Eagan, she said, he stabbed her.
General Electric Co. said it completed the acquisition of Roper Corp. for $507.6 million, or $54 a share.
But now with a softening economy and troubled real estate markets, management has decided to sell some of these operations that aren't profitable.
It said the custodians were tied up and their mouths taped with bandages.
If the Commerce Department and the ITC issue final rulings later against the imports, anti-dumping duties could be assessed.
Stanek said it was amazingly easy.
'The only way for the Communist party to save itself is gradually to embrace reform and democratisation.
A voracious reader, he has written a dozen stylish books of political comment and reminiscences.
Despite the lack of health care and many dangers, African women continue to give birth too often, too early and too late.
If convicted of the latest charges, Mrs. Holzer could face up to 15 years in prison.
Thornburgh will then travel to Italy for discussions on Wednesday with Italian law enforcement officials about narcotics, organized crime and terrorism.
They knock on the door and say: 'The people are here from Sears.
Officials said he would like to go to Saudi Arabia to visit American troops and to Egypt, which has supported the U.S. in the Gulf crisis, on his way home.
"If we don't get the best deal for our clients, they will go elsewhere," said Shari Wall, a senior vice president of J. Walter Thompson.
Gasoline futures also were up, but trailed heating oil.
Amdahl officials declined to break out the company's shipments or order backlog.
The 1976 brief was filed in Souter's name but signed by a deputy, Richard V. Wiebusch, then an assistant attorney general.
He was kept handcuffed to another guard in a cell for the duration of the takeover.
To his followers, Gen.
The confirmation battles culminated in the Democrat-controlled Senate's rejection 1987 of Robert Bork, an outspoken conservative, for a seat on the Supreme Court.
Like Bush, Mosbacher came to Texas to learn about the oil business and invest family money.
Dealers said they expected the dollar to remain near its present levels until the end of the year.
On both sides, sweat-soaked tuggers gasped for breath from the effort.
There are six modules, so that's an extra 12,000 pounds of weight that are having to be put into orbit because of the orbital debris environment," Mr. Kessler said.
Separately, NovaCare agreed to buy Orthopedic Services for $248 million in stock.
Discovery is poised on one launch pad at Cape Canaveral, Fla., and Columbia was scheduled Sunday to be rolled out to another pad 1.6 miles away.
"We don't know as yet the exact cause of the smoke.
A squad of accountants checked House members' reports for omissions, and the committee forced many to fill in the gaps.
It was the way the whole thing developed.
Frank Janous, another East Holmes school board member, said he sent a letter of resignation last Friday after serving on the governing panel for more than 10 years.
David Taggart, Bakker's former personal secretary, and James Taggart, PTL's former interior decorator, are charged with tax evasion and conspiracy.
Minimum Pounds 5,000; charges nil initially, 0.5 per cent annually. Govett has a large number of futures and options funds, including ones based on the FT-SE 100 and others tracking European and US Indices.
According to O'Meara, Marts said he didn't know anyone in the building when he set fire to packing materials on the first floor.
U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler did not immediately decide the issue but appeared unmoved.
The two quintessential yuppie television shows are doing well enough, despite everything.
Barnes, a student at the University of Colorado, doused the flame and aired out the room, but Coco died minutes later from respiratory arrest, a veterinarian said.
Iberia, though favorable toward participation, currently isn't ready to join the project, said Iberia's chairman, Narciso Andreu.
The incremental costs "will be favorable" due to the delivery rescheduling and the increased revenue generating capacity of the larger 757 aircraft.
Bush announced Thursday that he has invited congressional leaders to a White House meeting Sunday focusing on "where we go now" in the slow-moving budget process.
On March 23, Burnley said that FAA is often reluctant to write regulations that would impose additional costs on the nation's aviation industry.
Share prices through most of Europe ended higher, also on the strength of Wall Street's surge and the stabilizing dollar.
Horacio Maldonado Schadd and Gen.
Iraqi officials also have not responded to a U.N. report on chemical weapons which concluded that the Baghdad government has made frequent and large-scale use of the outlawed weapons against Iranian forces.
Is he of Ireland?
But many traders fearful of carrying their positions through the three-day weekend opted to take profits rather than risk a market dive when trading resumes on Tuesday.
The United States has routinely denied asylum to refugees from oppression in countries it considers friendly, while granting asylum to those fleeing Communist governments, Amnesty International and congressional critics charged Wednesday.
"Don't play recession roulette with the liberal governor of Massachusetts," and said.
"Hitler was at fault, but not the only one.
The demonstrators were protesting the introduction of compulsory bilingual education in secondary schools in the region, which belongs to Yugoslavia's southern republic of Macedonia.
SAPOA, Nicaragua _ Rebel and government negotiators began hammering out the details of a 60-day cease-fire outlined in the peace accord signed last week.
At the Cable Advertising Bureau's annual conference in New York this week, industry leaders plan to encourage other networks to accept local-ad inserts.
This report, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, is one of the few large studies to look at the relationship between insurance and patient outcomes.
We don't have to change a single thing," Bush told campaign staff workers a day after beating Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, his chief rival for the GOP presidential nomination, in New Hampshire.
Three congressmen said Wednesday that the Bush administration's scaled-down plan to protect the northern spotted owl will force a court battle that will paralyze logging in the Pacific Northwest.
At that time, Spargo, then 18 and living in New Jersey with her husband, came up to New Hampshire.
In the past couple of weeks, several companies, including Ambac Corp., have delayed their stock-market debuts.
He also must perform 160 hours of community service.
Entry is easier from the commonwealth because Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have American passports.
"I am very angry," said a rival U.S. tobacco company executive, who has worked to expand his company's sales and market share.
But Square D's efforts to thwart the bid include a lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging that the proposed acquisition would violate federal antitrust laws.
"But a short-term experiment isn't appropriate" for a long-term, pervasive problem like the shortage of low-income housing, he says.
The Official Unionist party (OUP) is sending a 10-strong team to Dublin, and was sharply critical of the DUP at the weekend. Mr Ken McGinnis, the principal OUP negotiator, said: 'There were certain undertakings made by all parties in this process.
Mandela said the white towns in eastern Transvaal province, where he spoke, were deeply racist and should immediately end segregation of recreational areas and other public facilities.
The sale was one of a number of actions sanctioned by Judge Helen Balick.
Options markets stopped trading in many securities.
I had a knack for telling a writer how to make a script work.
But I hope you'll permit me to describe one scene.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Kane-Miller said that on May 30 it asked Amrep for a shareholders list, to use if Kane-Miller should decide to solicit proxies to gain control of Amrep's board.
The agreement to build the project was signed in 1977.
It had to happen sooner or later - gambling on gambling has arrived, thanks to the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
Step on it: Interdome Inc. of Los Angeles offers a sheepskin pad that sticks to the car floor under the foot pedals, to prevent high heels from getting scuffed.
Gasoline quotes also spurted, with prices for delivery in Los Angeles quoted at $1 a gallon, up about 12 cents from levels earlier in New York futures trading.
The problem, according to Richard F. Wenzel, assistant director of transportation for the district, is state law.
But it's the Internal Revenue Service which estimates now that we aren't collecting $100 billion or more in taxes owed in this country.
The concert will launch a five-year campaign to raise $800 million for the Memorial Fund for Disaster Relief, said founding member Roger Waters.
NICKEL prices followed through from Friday's downturn at the London Metal Exchange yesterday.
Thus, only those who want the discount vouchers receive them.
The other method for breaking up oil spills _ pouring dispersants into the water _ is controversial because of the toxicity of the chemicals.
Mr. Lee then allegedly sold the car for $12,000 and pocketed the cash.
Advancing issues outnumbered declines 429 to 281. Shell Canada agreed to sell its polypropylene business to a new entity formed by the merger of most of the petrochemicals businesses of Royal Dutch/Shell Group and Montedison.
They aren't going for multiple albums.
Congruences or consequences were mistaken for causes, methodology was elevated into a philosophy. If there were gene markers which tallied with the experience of being homosexual that was 'an interesting observation,' he said.
Georgia was on the minds of woodcutters and federal securities officials.
South Africa's 26 million blacks have no representation in Parliament and cannot vote in national elections.
Gold fell in London to $417.75 an ounce from $423, and in Zurich, to $417.75 an ounce from $422.25.
Mr. Dalle says France was trying to rebuild at the time, that Mr. Correze had paid his debt to society, and that the L'Oreal chiefs felt it was time to look forward.
The Tennessee is the first of nine submarines slated to carry 24 of the missiles.
And to please the left, it is considering raising the tax on accumulated wealth, which hits France's 125,000 richest people.
Clark testified he never intended to deceive anyone with his expense filings.
If he and Mr. Liedtke didn't get on after a year, they could divide their interests and separate.
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange, the utility's shares closed at $25.375, up $1.375.
The Commerce Department and ITC would have to issue final rulings against the imports before anti-dumping duties are assessed.
In addition, employees-turned-entrepreneurs are often ill-prepared for their new roles.
The elder MacDonald's lawyer, Joe Keilp, argued that the tribe has fought for its sovereign rights for years but now is risking them by allowing its chairman to be sued in state court.
Mr. Stubblefield sought damages of more than $6 million and wanted the court to order Endotronics to register his 195,250 shares in the company so he could sell them before the end of a two-year holding period.
Of this, about $1.3 billion will be spent for research and prevention.
Steinhardt Partners, a US hedge fund manager which holds 30 per cent of Ransomes' preference shares, almost gained 15 per cent of votes in Ransomes earlier this year because of preference dividend payment arrears.
Johnston Coca-Cola's 11.50% subordinated notes, due in 2001, gained 2 points to end at 105.
Founded in 1961, the Texas company analyzes demographic data so that its clients, including insurance companies and charities, can better target their direct-mail audiences.
Not so much a series of rumbustious licks, Henderson's soloing consists of long, mellow and nagging passages, which both he and the listener can take some time to warm up to.
Before agreeing to any concessions, however, union officials want guarantees the former baseball commissioner and his partners have a viable plan for running the airline and no plans to sell any more of Eastern's assets.
Mr Rawlins says: 'These systems are the market.
The old Mao was driven off in a flatbed truck.
Communications Workers of America had been decided.
Currently, the Japanese bank assists U.S. exports only by providing loans to the Japanese buyers.
In 1945, American planes firebombed Tokyo and damaged the Japanese imperial palace.
A hospital spokesman disputed the charges, stating that Dickson was treated "immediately." "We believe our treatment was aggressive, speedy and appropriate," said the spokesman, Fred Yaeger.
But even those who defend Dallas justice say it has characteristics not common elsewhere.
"I said, `Tell them we've looked into it and there's nothing to it,"' he said.
But it would also open Cuba to ideological penetration."
We have not mentioned the people of the Gargano.
Today's renegades should remember that Woodstock was about drugs, and that without drugs, it wasn't much fun.
"So there was a clarity of understanding from the outset and I think that he recognizes in her a determined, successful political leader.
However, the chips only provide the heart of the system, so other components are needed to actually incorporate mulitimedia into computers, boosting the price to the expected $1,000 level.
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday's auction, for example, rose to 8.04% from 7.90%.
In a letter sent to Philadelphia Electric officials last week, the NRC staff cited concerns about "the past inability of Philadelphia Electric Co. to self-identify problems and implement timely and effective corrective actions."
We don't go to the movies.
The national deficit was cited by 30 percent as the single greatest threat to the economy.
William Johnny Mason and Lynwood White pleaded guilty to the misdemeanor, which carries a maximum one year prison term and $1,000 fine.
What is much more worrisome is that a number of recent IPOs are trading at huge multiples of their per-share earnings, in some cases as high as 100 times profit.
She was 18 at the time and married just three months.
Management at his 82%-owned MGM/UA Communications Co. was depleted by recent resignations.
The company also will request payments equal to the profits Pilgrim's Pride received on the $4.5 million in boneless chicken morsels sold since early 1986, said Greer.
"He can pick and choose, and has complete freedom to take over whatever" inquiries or pending criminal cases he wants, this official said.
About 1.5 million Palestinian Arabs live in the territories seized by Israel in the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
The company said it reduced interest expense 16% during the fiscal period and cut operating overhead significantly at its main subsidiary, Frank's Nursery & Crafts.
Still, units of both companies are subjects of some of the criminal inquiries, according to attorneys familiar with the matter.
Some traders believe that if the franc comes under further pressure, the Bundesbank may be forced to lower rates at its council meeting on Thursday week.
"The occupation corrupts us.
The act reinstated federal protection against discrimination on the basis of sex, race, age or disability that had been curtailed by a 1984 Supreme Court decision.
Other industries repeated the good news-bad news motif: Orders for electronic equipment rose 3.3% while orders for industrial machinery and equipment fell 3.3%.
A Means to Loose Ends?
The Viacom lawsuit claimed that the agreement, which the suit called "a form of extortion known as greenmail," constituted one the illegal acts needed for establishing a pattern of racketeering under that law.
But Washington thinks the issue is so crucial that an added impetus is needed.
It's brought on behalf of all women.
The weak dollar makes Steuben's cheeses, called Castleborg and Saint Rochelle, more attractive when displayed next to the European or Scandanavian cheeses.
The December 1988 bombing, which killed 270 people aboard the plane and in the village of Lockerbie, has been attributed by law enforcement authorities to a pro-Iranian terrorist group.
He referred to a concert Michael gave in Toronto in 1991, which the singer described as one of the low points in his relationship with Sony. Two senior Sony executives arrived at the concert by private jet.
Ramada had income from continuing operations from casinos of $40 million and operating income from hotels and motels of $15 million.
But, as usual, the news media are a faceless mass of shouting imbeciles blinding decent folk with flashbulbs and TV lights _ as they no doubt appeared to the McClures at the time.
He also will remain chairman of the Del Monte Corp. unit.
Although the statement gave no names, NASA officials confirmed that Ms. Potter was the disciplined employee.
University of Utah President Chase N. Peterson, a cheerleader for the phantom phenomenon of tabletop fusion, is retiring under fire for a hidden, $500,000 transfer of money toward its development.
Gross first-quarter cross-border lending increased by $75 billion, down from a gain of $151 billion in the final 1987 quarter and an increase of $81 billion in the 1987 first quarter.
The ancient tradition of eating matzo at Passover has sustained the handful of matzo makers that have dominated the business for decades.
But having set up a powerful broadcast network, industry executives admit it has become impossible to control completely.
Jeyes was spun off in a leveraged management buy-out in 1986 from Cadbury Schweppes PLC, a Unilever spokeswoman noted, saying that over the past few years, "in profit terms it has grown substantially."
On defense, aides suggest that the vice president would increase spending only enough to match inflation.
A month-long hearing into the proposed takeover ended Wednesday with a warning from the Consumers' Association of Canada that the deal would cost motorists at the gasoline pump.
Defense lawyers are being paid with public funds.
After the figures were given, analysts lifted full-year forecasts to around Pounds 209m. Television shares were boosted by growing optimism that the government will not oppose mergers within the industry.
In June 1982, Pendleton argued there was little Reagan or any president could do for urban areas until the economy and American productivity improved.
At the same time, New Delhi has been making less than subtle threats to Nepal over the latter's plans to let China build more roads into the Himalayan kingdom.
Delta Air Lines has announced plans to raise economy and first-class fares, while Pan Am Corp. said it would increase the price of discount tickets.
Adams' attorneys made a whirlwind round of appeals Wednesday in hopes of finding a judge to stay the execution.
Ford, GM and Chrysler all made the list of the 10 most active issues.
A treaty to eliminate most tariff barriers between the United States and Canada leaves disputes in the auto industry unresolved, witnesses at a House hearing said.
For them, he suggests Arbaz (Valais), with its lakes and forests below Anzere.
There is also grumbling about slow paper work, and there are reports of smuggling.
Instead, many in the movement are pinning their hopes on attempts to reawaken consumer sentiment at the grass-roots level.
Ashland Oil Co. already has phased out its operations there, said David Hauck, an analyst with the Washington-based organization.
And they assert that the campaign will not be diverted by the questions surrounding the episode.
He expects further capital gains, although these will be weak and modest. The initial charge on the fund is 5.5 per cent and the annual fee is 0.5 per cent.
Owens-Illinois' 12.70% Series B senior notes, due in 1997, jumped 6 1/2 points to 114 while the company's 13.45% Series A senior notes, due in 1993, leapt 2 1/2 points to 106.
The first lawsuit filed under a new law prohibiting housing discrimination against families with children was filed Tuesday against the owners of a New Jersey apartment complex.
"The warning is pretty explicit," says Evelyn Albu, director of professional services for Schering Corp., the Schering-Plough Corp. unit that makes Afrin nasal spray.
They later were ushered into Wright's office.
The 100th Congress, ending a productive two-year run with an early morning flurry of legislative action, sent President Reagan a compromise bill providing new weapons to fight the war on drugs.
There are now only several thousand Jews in Poland.
Authorities found the boys' bodies, both with gunshot wounds, on a dirt road in a wooded area near Silver Lake in Shapleigh, Maine, state police said.
The FT-SE Mid 250 Index shed 2.2 to 3,500.2 as buyers continued to back away across the broad range of the market. A more revealing picture of the day's trading came from the official business volume figures.
In Cebu City, 350 miles southeast of Manila, police said they discovered Friday the bodies of five people who they believed were executed by rebels on suspicion of being military informers.
Members believed these earlier rulings protected them against damage suits based on their actions at news conferences, in communications with government agencies and related activities.
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are focusing on 11 takeover-related stocks as part of the probe of alleged insider trading by three prominent arbitragers, sources said.
Short interest in OTC stocks rose 4.2% in the month ended Aug. 15, reflecting a growing pessimism about the market's larger issues.
Here is a play about the coal face, written from the inside.
As their lawyer, Hamm frequently questioned witnesses and Hamadi himself.
He adds: 'We are probably at the begining of a three- to five-year up-cycle for aluminium.'
And both governors used the occasion to call for tougher fines and possible jail terms against violators.
Britain decided to go ahead with the recommendation without waiting for the international organization to take action, said the transport spokesman who, in line with British custom, is not identified by name.
In the United States, Mr. Chen said yesterday, "we have a lot of money, a lot of talent.
Ms. Davis' clothing appeared to be second hand and most of the vehicles she drove had seen better days.
Banks and depositors should bear more of the risk now assumed by the taxpayers, a Treasury official said in outlining proposed changes to the federal deposit insurance system.
London share prices closed sharply higher in thin trading, bolstered by weekend news from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and by a healthy rise in the dollar.
But in an apparent hint that East Germany's aging leaders should soften their hard line, he urged them to work with "all forces in society" to solve the country's problems.
For a year following the catastrophe, the Armenian ministry worked with Doctors Without Borders making an inventory of the drugs.
Mr. Milken is seeking back pay and other claims against Drexel.
Survivors include his wife, Susan, five sons and two daughters.
The expected decision to renew Beijing's most-favored-nation status drew advance criticism from Democrats.
Felfe had in recent months spoken in favor of Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev's reform plans, and told Western visitors that similar reforms were needed in East Germany.
DETAILS are still coming in of special offers on dealing commissions for BT3 shares after the sell-off next month, writes Bethan Hutton.
"It's golden handcuffs," Mr. Petersen says.
They estimated the core annual inflation rate at just 3.6 percent in September and October, and said manufacturers' inventories have been well-managed.
Mr. Cohen said that Bank of New York wasn't trying to mislead investors.
A teen-age girl died four days after becoming the world's first recipient of an experimental lung device, leaving behind a newborn son and a grieving hometown but hope that similar implants will save lives.
Leo Nucci, who's singing in four operas at the Met this season, sang the title role beautifully.
The starting point was his own priceless collection of scores, bolstered by his purchase of the Stravinsky estate in 1983.
Nafsu is a member of Israel's Circassian minority of about 3,000 people, who are non-Arab Moslems.
As a result, an improvement isn't expected now before the fourth quarter.
However, arbitrage selling and liquidation of holdings by dealers amid low volume pushed prices lower, and the Nikkei hit the day's low of 15,816.04 just before the close. Volume rose slightly from 211m shares to 220m.
Lee was responding to questions by an opposition lawmaker who claimed police were using taxis for political eavesdropping in some cases.
"The big concern a year from now will be higher inflation."
Ana Quirot has had the misfortune to be Cuban in a decade when politics have been as big a factor at the Olympics as the stopwatch. Since the early 1980s she has been winning World Cups and Pan-American titles.
Hungarian officials fear that the Soviets may stop withdrawing troops until they pay a huge bill Moscow has presented.
The plane also hit and damaged two unoccupied houses.
"It's a feeding frenzy," said Butch Johnson, a fisherman in search of nets who lives in the Prince William Sound fishing community of Cordova.
John Schwensen, who is a minister, gave the eulogy.
She worked as a civil rights lawyer in Atlanta and later directed the New Haven Legal Assistance and was deputy director of the Lawyer's Committee for Civil Rights Under Law.
'We should programme difficult things, special festival events. If we are doing our job well, drama will always be controversial.
All the rooms have ceiling fans, since air-conditioning was not put in when the hotel was originally built half a century ago.
Late Monday, ADN said Krenz had postponed a visit to Czechoslovakia planned for Tuesday, but it did not give a reason. Large pro-democracy demonstrations have been held in Prague.
If there is one thing that I think about every minute, it's you.
The true average cost of relocating is Pounds 25,600 according to a recent industry survey.
It is not an entirely fungible commodity, since there are various types and grades of oil, but the types and grades are widely dispersed.
Though no treatment exists for the disease, SPECT could be valuable in separating treatable types of dementia that resemble Alzheimer's from actual Alzheimer's, Bonte said.
If Mr Gonzalez fails to meet the challenge he now faces, Spain can abandon any hope of playing a fully competitive role in the economy of the new Europe.
Chrysler wants to set a minimum retirement age to keep more workers active in their prime and increase the ratio of active workers to retirees.
Pacavira said the conflicting proposals were advanced a month ago in a meeting in Brazzaville.
Imports, at $7.48 billion, were off 0.6% from the year before but up 1.3% from January.
There was speculation another bidder may surface for the company, which has agreed to be acquired for $77 a share.
The outstanding question, he said, is how great a role a driver's place of residence will continue to play in rate-setting.
But they were still looking for rates to resume an upward climb next year.
Ronald S. Godwin, senior vice president of The Washington Times Corp., praised Rothenburg's contribution during his five years as head of the paper's business affairs.
That creates a continuing demand for new products.
Sales are expected to double to about $50 million this year.
The 10 major U.S. automakers said Wednesday they sold cars and trucks at an average daily rate of 30,412 during the June 1-10 period this year, compared with a rate of 34,994 during the same time last year.
By an 8-0 vote, the court said a secured creditor's right to "adequate protection" under bankruptcy law cannot be satisified by such a promise.
The indictment will "give further credence to the perception that minority politicians don't get even-handed treatment," Wells said.
Though the total Camel franchise has been dormant, its share of filter cigarette sales grew to 3.1% last year from 2.6% in 1987.
Most pilots "would just as soon have as little contact with him as possible," says Richard Russell, a DC-10 captain and 32-year veteran at United.
Perretti said it appears several criminal laws were violated, but a decision on filing charges against Asbell would depend upon his psychiatric evaluation.
L.A. Gear cited then the same causes that it gave for Friday's announcement.
Mescallado said weather conditions in Luzon were expected to improve as Ofelia moved across the Luzon Strait separating the Philippines from Taiwan.
The shift in emphasis appears to have been provoked by Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, who last month warned he would destroy half of Israel with binary chemical weapons in response to any Israeli attack.
I had to keep ducking down to get it cool." He saw bodies float past and then was rescued.
The Westboro Conservation Commission approved the project.
And we looked _ I tasked the Treasury, upon hearing from Mrs. Chamorro, to see if there is some way to arrange a bridge loan.
Mrs. Willens joined WOAK-FM in suburban Oak Park and in 1950 married Bernard Jacobs, the station's general manager.
New plants grew by just 6% in 1990, compared with the average 23% annual growth since 1986, according to Ciemex-Wefa, an economic consulting firm in Bala Cynwyd, Pa.
Hundreds of groundworkers will join the $2.6 million campaign, the nation's largest ever, to stamp out a disease that still strikes thousands of French citizens a year.
News that a protocol was signed between the CIS and India to supply 9,000 to 10,000 tonnes of black pepper made the Indian market firmer (Dollars 1,250 cif for MG-1).
Eventually, they decided to explain discrepancies with footnotes.
"We see it as a small-investor problem," he says.
But Time Warner resisted, fearing that a debt-riddled Pathe/MGM would collapse.
Among them: less worry about inflation because of recent declines in commodity prices, and indications that the inventory build-up in the fourth quarter might not have been as big as originally estimated.
Analysts noted that most stock-index futures gave up some of their gains in the final hour of trading, but they stopped short of saying the rally had ebbed.
There is nothing wrong in that. 'Like other parts of the Civil Service, the ES rewards its staff for overall performance - everything from good timekeeping to accuracy.
"My biggest shareholders don't know who I am, let alone care whether we build a new mill in Alabama," complains Andrew Sigler, the chief executive officer of Champion International Corp.
A Todd spokesman said a meeting between the unions and Todd is scheduled for the end of April.
Significant returns were not expected until Tuesday.
Super Foods has increased the dividend for 10 consecutive years, a string that he said the board would be reluctant to break.
News reports said the weapons were put there by a Palestinian gang.
The acquisition would give Qual-Med, which owns health-maintenance organizations in six Western states, a presence in the Southeast.
And that's when we started to roll over on the right wing." Donna McGrady, one of the flight attendants, said she had her eyes open as the plane crash-landed.
In particular, the rate must increase with the riskiness of the relationship with the cardholder.
"Banks are concerned the auditors were going to come in and tell them to write these loans down," said William Brueggeman, a Goldman, Sachs & Co. research consultant.
Officials said that Mr. Garrett, like senior officials from the other services, was ordered to keep quiet about the Seawolf decision and to refrain from giving details to even his top planners.
Feb. 1 The Flint (Mich.) Journal on the State of the Union: East Europe's great Freedom Revolution of 1989 has shredded the Iron Curtain and continues to bring down walls of communist repression.
One-seventh of the voters said they had decided in the past two weeks, and 22 percent indicated they could change their minds. Another 6 percent hadn't decided yet.
Analysts have suggested that Mr. Ludmer might team up with H. Arnold Steinberg, a cousin of the feuding family and Steinberg's executive vice president, finance and development.
Those hardest hit by far were junk funds, which were roiled by debt problems at several highly leveraged companies.
American Baby is one of just a handful of magazines that use a computerized binding process known as selective binding.
Chirac was the conservative candidate and lost to President Francois Mitterrand, a Socialist who won a second seven-year term.
Catholic Europe was celebrating William's victory because it meant that England would enter the war on the side of the anti-Louis coalition.
The FNFC issue of convertible preference shares, a rescue operation, came as the consumer credit company announced a Pounds 32m pre-tax loss for the year. This, at least, was fact rather than rumour.
Even his charities are entrepreneurial.
We don't even have enough housing for our young people." On Oct. 3, the first anniversary of reunification, three local youths threw a Molotov cocktail through a ground-floor window of the Huenxe asylum home.
A recommendation that exchange rates be stabilized first, something governments can do with a minimal act of will, would have been more original, and much more helpful.
Hoover & Strong vice president Dan Pharr said he was unfamiliar with "cold fusion" research and "I wouldn't know how to comment one way or the other."
These were readily seized but traders then found that stock in the underlying blue chips had become very hard to find.
The president said "the most touching moment" of his visit was when he talked to the doctor who rescued young Julio Berumen from a crushed car.
One witness said she tried to flag the bus down because she thought the driver probably could not see the train because of a light drizzle.
Bofors is accused of paying $50 million in kickbacks to win the contract.
Authorities last week announced the seizure of nearly 100 tons of steel tubing and other parts about to be shipped out of Italy to Jordan to be transported overland from there, presumably to an assembly point near Baghdad.
Salvat was founded more than 100 years ago in Barcelona and employs about 1,500 people, including 500 in Spain and the rest in 15 other countries, mostly in Latin America.
Foreign financial institutions often use loss leaders or low-profit businesses to gain footholds in the U.S. and other countries.
This Monday is the Fourth of July.
Witnesses said the minivan's engine began racing as soon as it was started.
As previously reported, KKR has offered $90 a share in cash for 87% of RJR's stock, plus securities with an intended face value of $90 a share for the remaining 13%.
"We said we'd be willing to plead guilty to some counts as long as we didn't implicate certain people we believe were not guilty," an Eastern spokeswoman said, explaining the company's reversal.
They note that under international flight rules, a three-member crew going from the U.S. to a foreign country can fly as many as 12 hours without a rest.
I didn't try to hit the boy.
The Runnells couldn't be reached for comment.
Dual-Lite has 2,514,000 shares outstanding.
Net withdrawals from savings and loan institutions slowed by more than 50 percent in May to $2.4 billion, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board said.
Dr. Henri Bismuth, a liver transplant surgeon at Paul Brousse Hospital in Paris, reported here Tuesday that he had no choice but to divide the liver of a 40-year-old brain-dead man for two women, both unconscious and near death.
Kirkham said he never intended to run the business illegally. But his struggling operation was derailed when the sand-hauling truck he used to subsidize the fledgling waste-hauling business was wrecked.
The fibres-for-acrylics swap with DuPont flatters the underlying improvement in materials.
At the Korsnas pulp mill at Gavle on the Swedish east coast, they boast that the problem of industrial waste has almost been solved.
The fact that other close allies of Musavi won the vote of confidence indicated that a head-on clash between radicals and conservatives over Iran's postwar economic policy has been averted, at least for now.
"He can't just say what Dan Quayle thinks." Most everyone who knows him echoes one point: Dan Quayle wants to win.
This possible "trophy pricing" could hinder Mr. Traub's attempt.
"It's the perfect life style."
He has also been involved in political battles.
Mr. Shaykin is confident the Best transaction will be neatly completed and that there will be plenty of new deals despite changes in the leveraged buy-out market.
The jury must decide whether Boag spent the money out of greed, or to improve the estate by investing it to generate income.
It hopes output from Amino will serve the domestic Polish market as well as other east and central European countries.
"It would be a very foolhardy thing for me to do to go flying without knowing what caused the blackout," Root said after receiving a letter informing him of the FAA decision.
He established close ties with the leftist government of the late President Forbes Burnham and incurred the wrath of opposition parties, which accused the cult of breaking up strikes and political meetings.
"AIDS isn't just a gay disease, it's everybody's disease," the ad goes on.
The unrest involving the Solidarity trade union in Poland got its start when meat prices were raised, but the Soviet population is generally less volatile.
"We consider our results to be unsatisfactory," said Chairman Edward Finkelstein, President Mark Handler and Executive Vice President Myron Ullman in a letter addressed to Macy investors.
The Continental plan affects fares popular with both business travelers and vacationers.
Wendell Harris, an FCC official, said the deluge of attempted phone calls to the Soviet Union in the past few days demonstrated the "urgency" of expanding phone traffic between the U.S. and the Soviet Union.
Coleman, 39, a U.S. Bureau of Land Management range conservationist from Vale, Ore., said some firefighters have experienced knee and leg problems because of the steep terrain.
At the first show, Como won for best vocal performance by a male.
But even as President Bush offered his prescription for the economy in last night's State of the Union address, the growing refrain among local leaders is: "We can't wait for Washington."
On the bridge, he rolled down his window and tried to toss Mr. Prozumenshikov's $16,000 Rolex watch into the river below.
Both were hospitalized, he said.
Fidler said a memorial service would be held Thursday for Harpe at Torrejon air base, but he said he did not know when Harpe's body would be transferred to the United States for burial.
The broadcast did not say how many speculators were caught, but newspapers have been increasingly critical of "dubious people" handling distribution of medicine, food and clothing from some centers in Bucharest.
However, Keebler's margin has not exceeded 7 per cent in the past decade and sank to 2.4 per cent in the first half of last year.
(By cloning he means not egg-splitting but replicating an existing or deceased person: 'I've never met anyone in the world who is worth cloning, and that's been my stock answer for 10 years.') Another was implanting human embryos in animals.
"It's a big mess," says a congressional aide involved in the matter.
Over the next 20 years, California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country.
Playing a New Orleans cop, he pokes at a mobster's corpse that sprawls in a public fountain.
'We're looking for incremental growth on top of the brands that we've acquired', he says.
Inflation, for the moment, has been lowered.
The first 73 cars displayed the names of the crash victims. Others carried placards and cards criticizing the air controllers.
The spokesman talked to The Associated Press on the condition he not be identified.
He cites the income shares of River & Mercantile which, he says, will yield 10.88 per cent to maturity without any dividend growth. Investors should, however, always be aware of what they are buying in the income share field.
Buyers of small-company stocks say the ones coming to market are the more-established concerns.
Buyers this week snatched up the 15 contemporary pieces for $750,000 more than the pre-auction estimate.
Precious-metals stocks were left out of the market's rise as the price of gold extended its recent retreat.
The government says it will retry the three on the deadlocked charges in March.
"This has really sent a shock wave through the business community," said Renee Reymond, the NAM's chief lobbyist on the issue.
Insurers, backed by the Reagan administration, blamed the crisis on a rash of unexpected court decisions that greatly expanded their liability for certain claims.
The lunar soil would be mined to extract oxygen, which then could be turned into rocket fuel.
"This in essence closes out Industrial Equity," Mr. Hadfield said.
The freeze does not mean that the 5m public sector workers will get no pay rise, but that any increase must be paid for by improved productivity or reduced staff.
Moments after hearing about the crash, four people who lost relatives in one of the world's worst airline disasters rushed to Philadelphia International Airport to offer consolation.
The total world market for electronic equipment grew by $54 billion in 1988 to reach $461 billion, and the world market for HDTV receivers and VCRs is forecast to be less than $30 billion by 2010.
He returned to law practice after an unsuccessful campaign for state auditor in 1986.
The interest will grow to 10% over the next three years, while Bell Atlantic and Ameritech will reduce their combined stake to 49.9% through a series of stock offerings that could begin as early as next year.
The order, announced Thursday, includes five 747-400 jumbo jets; one 747-200F, a jumbo freighter; four widebody 767s; 13 midsized 757s; and 13 737-300s, a smaller twinjet.
Instead, however, it focused mostly on a single component of recreation: the "outdoor estate," or land.
Many Hungarians who fled to the West after the 1956 Soviet invasion now carry other citizenship and so do not count as refugees.
While Macmillan said it would continue discussions with all interested parties, the company also noted that it might improve the restructuring program it unveiled as a counterpoint to Bass's bid.
Thousands of blacks who normally spend their end-of-the-month paychecks shopping on Saturdays stayed away from downtown Boksburg, the first Conservative-controlled town to reimpose segregation of parks, the town hall, and public toilets.
Meanwhile, housing expenditures fell for the second consecutive quarter.
Cardinal Basil Hume, Archbishop of Westminster, suggested on BBC television the setting up of a royal commission into 'the way society is going'.
It is expected to be signed formally at the Washington peace talks, which enter their eleventh round this week. Many of the most difficult and sensitive details remain obscure.
Instead he advocates replacing Social Security with a means-test system that would reduce or deny benefits to the elderly with higher incomes.
He thinks the stock would trade "in the low 30s" but for takeover talk.
Investigators also were considering the possibility of loss of power in an engine as a cause of the sudden descent, according to the sources.
Ramon Salcido, 28, looked glum and unkempt as he entered the innocent pleas to seven counts of murder and three counts of attempted murder in connection with an April 14 crime spree through the wine country north of San Francisco.
The Spirit-Acclaim successor will be introduced sometime around 1995, Gardner said.
A debt-rescheduling accord between Poland and its foreign bank creditors, already held up over several points, may be further delayed because banks recently granted Yugoslavia more-favorable terms, banking sources said.
I relish the masters of "nonsense" (the likes of Lewis Carroll or Edward Lear), which at its best is a fanciful form of sense.
Banc One stock closed at $22, up 37.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday.
"There was a failure of the dollar to follow through on the down side," said Bob Morrissey, a senior trader at the Bank of Boston's New York office.
The last ABC-Washington Post poll, with results from Saturday through Monday, had it 32 to 30 for Dole; the Boston Globe had it 31-30 for Bush, and the Boston Herald-WBZ poll had it 32-30 for Bush.
With the global telecoms business in flux, it seems C and W wanted a partner.
"I'd estimate there was about 60 feet of rubber.
The West German government said no evidence supports those reports.
Rodriguez arrived at Congress for the inauguration ceremony in an open convertible led by 21 flag-bearing horsemen.
Thomas M. Egan, president and chief executive officer of Stotler Group, said the company had been in negotiations with the creditors in efforts to reach a solution.
That was the turning point."
In Leningrad, Mr. Yurchenko, the restaurant manager, established the first independent labor union officially registered in the Soviet Union.
Yields six-month bills edged down to 7.77 percent as the discount dipped 1 basis point to 7.39 percent.
In a leveraged buyout, a company is acquired mainly with borrowed funds that are repaid with the target company's cash flow or by the sale of its assets.
The test subjects only could detect the odorant at high concentrations that for most people would be unbearable.
He might be present at a later stage to meet with top Chinese government officials like Deng Xiao Ping, but not now," the spokesman said.
"For Mr. van Heerden, the road from his office to New York is shorter than the road from his office to the president's office," says Peter Vale, the director of the Institute of Social and Economic Research at South Africa's Rhodes University.
Cullinet has reported quarterly losses for more than two years, but Mr. Tamke said that he expects the software maker to "deliver sustained profitability beginning in the third quarter."
One investor said that S.B. Lewis has about $150 million in capital; the government is seeking $5.5 million in fines from the firm.
The submachine gun is considered secondary firepower.
For the three months ended April 3, Raytheon said net income totaled $113.3 million, or $1.68 a share, on sales of $1.95 billion.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Cleveland-Cliffs closed at $13.75 a share, down 50 cents.
Judge Bork seemed disturbed by that, said one observer of the oral argument.
Merrill Lynch & Co. will be lead manager for the issue, which is due to be priced Tuesday.
William Griggs, economist at Griggs & Santow Inc., said bond investors appear to be paying little attention to the Commodity Research Bureau's futures index lately.
Flood watches were posted for parts of southern New England, southeast New York, including New York City, northern New Jersey and the Philadelphia area.
The company's chief executive officer, Eric Parker, said Trafalgar doesn't expect to be greatly affected by the recent turmoil on financial markets.
Bank of New York's hostile takeover bid for Irving Bank Corp. is being interrupted for 10 days on a federal judge's orders.
"We didn't want this country paying into the bank so that the Poles could borrow money to pay Germany," said Rep. David R. Obey, who has major responsibility in Congress for international finance.
U.S. strategists have concerns, too.
Suddenly, the sled crashes through, water splashing over the side.
Mr. Smith added that, despite respectable trading at the group's Rover auto unit, the car market "remains difficult," forcing production and labor cutbacks.
Richard Oberlander of Pittsburgh is one of those.
Inflation might be the No. 1 issue with the Fed chairman, but closing that deficit is No. 1 with other groups, including some in the White House.
Others didn't see it that way.
Both measures are aimed at those who leave the government and then immediately lobby their former colleagues _ usually on issues with which they were involved.
A Mexican police officer was arraigned Friday in the 1985 torture-murder of U.S. drug agent Enrique Camarena.
Hill accepted a position with Judge Thomas when he moved to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
You've got competition around the world." Japan's occupation of China in World War II has left "real scars" even a half-century later, Lord said.
He points to the New York Post, a rival tabloid where unions made extensive wage-and-hour concessions earlier this year.
To calm those fears, Mr. Alberthal traveled to Washington to meet with executives of the unit's government systems group, where most of the eight executives who defected to Mr. Perot had worked.
And Ford last fall began selling Lincoln Town Cars equipped with a new V-8 engine, the first of a family of "modular" engines for fullsized and midsized cars.
The White House said it was heard on ships in the area.
As a result, Westworld said it will incur a "very substantial" charge when it reports fourth-quarter results.
BRADWELL, a quiet village near Southend-on-Sea, is particularly quiet this month.
The incumbent Social Democrats, or SPD, won 45%, a strong recovery from the 41.7% they won in the November election that resulted in a deadlock with the opposition Christian Democrats.
But some industry analysts said the truck pact is Toyota's first step toward local production of passenger cars in Europe.
In 1947, then-Soviet deputy foreign minister Andrei Vyshinsky said that "Wallenberg is not in the Soviet Union," and that "He is unknown to us."
U.S. officials said the teams brought heavy equipment to Cabanatuan to remove tons of debris.
The only previous excavation of Birka was conducted 100 years ago by Hjalmar Stolpe, a zoologist who came in search of insect fossils in 1871 and stayed 24 years to dig up many of the 2,500 Viking age graves.
Countries outside the program account for more that 34% of U.S. steel imports, the trade group said.
The 26 teams took in a record $1,241,059,000 in 1989, a 23 percent increase from the previous season.
At least one analyst was skeptical about the Amax announcement.
In the early 1980s, Mr. Whitfield was managing Apple Computer Co.'s Macintosh ad campaign and saw firsthand the enormous sums spent on ads that got shelved after a few months.
Some call taxol the most promising new chemotherapy to appear in a decade, and many are eager to study it.
Among them is to switch the affiliation to WCIX, which CBS has an option to purchase for a relatively lower price, or to move it to the current NBC affiliate in the market, WSVN.
If so, unless they sell it, they will receive only a surrender value, which is worked out using a different set of calculations from the bonuses which make up the pay-outs on a conventional policy.
"This is certainly not a question of whether or not kids should work, but a question of how much they should work," Prof.
BZW's Ecu100m issue for Swedish Export Credit, fully fungible with an existing Ecu400m of bonds due in February 1994, was widely seen as tightly priced - though it was offered at five basis points above the similar deal from OKB at the end of last week.
They fell 3.2 percent in the Midwest to 900,000 units and were off 2.8 percent in the South to 1.38 million units.
We will miss him greatly." Smith took over as worldwide publisher at Newsweek in September 1988 after running the international division for five years.
"Quayle is going to go after the top of the ticket.
U.S. officials in Washington said he might give a speech there.
It was the 101st day of the inconclusive showdown between Aoun and Geagea for control of the 310-square-mile Christian enclave.
His tough, pulpy literature was filled with neurotics, psychotics and con men trying to paper over their nowhere lives with big schemes.
St. Mary's, a sprawling 347-bed institution that sits across from an abandoned brass factory that will soon be razed, is just completing a $19 million expansion project.
Neither side in this issue and debate would ever disagree on the physiological facts.
They said police commanders were responsible for the deaths because they ordered a raid on the campus.
He saw no action in the war.
A foie gras week, she suggests, ought to include hands-on experience at making foie gras and confits in the farmhouse kitchen of a small duck producer she knows, and learning to cook dishes using both confits and fresh duck.
Many took days off work on Friday.
The Companies Act requires all companies to have their accounts audited.
Just as the October 1987 "meltdown" in the stock market did not produce an economic recession (as we correctly predicted at the time), so the present strength in the stock market does not necessarily mean that the economy will avoid recession.
Under terms of the plan, the company would exchange up to $530 million in principal amount of outstanding debt for new debt securities and common stock.
A "Romeo and Juliet" couple married for 53 years died together in their nursing home room on the same night.
To the outside world, not much has changed. Will Rawlins still be there, making optimistic projections, next year?
A tremendous amount (of future research) will be built on it."
Another is history: Jackson, who has found support from whites elusive, did his best on that score in his 1984 campaign with California whites.
NBC, a unit of General Electric, is expected to win smaller increases.
In trading yesterday, crude oil for August delivery settled at $21.65 a barrel, up 18 cents, on the New York Merc.
In addition, to make acceptance of the exit bonds more attractive, Brazil plans to propose that these bonds should offer a competitive yield, would rank as senior Brazilian debt and could be used to make debt-equity swaps, the official said.
Although he wouldn't specify the size of the order, he said it "wasn't beyond the range of an ordinary operation," adding that 200 to 300 contracts isn't unusual.
Bush had sought $4.6 billion in the budget for two of the bat-winged planes next year and advanced procurement of parts for six more in the following year.
Many observers said it's clear that if Mr. De Benedetti doesn't attract some Belgian partners, it would be difficult for him to succeed in gaining control of Generale de Belgique.
All 23 Democratic presidential delegates will be selected Saturday at county conventions throughout the state.
Mr. Schroth said yesterday's offering and a recent $100 million issue by the Export-Import Bank of Japan are part of an effort by Japanese issuers to increase visibility in U.S. credit markets.
They took him to Lincoln Hospital, where he was pronounced dead a short time later, she said.
Technically, freedom of the press was guaranteed by a declaration in the Soviet Constitution, but the new law is the first to spell out detailed guarantees of press freedoms.
Wool fetched the highest prices at auction for 18 months last week, thanks to a shortfall in supply, a rise in overseas demand and a sharply lower Kiwi dollar. The market indicator was 494 cents (153p) - 25 per cent up from early last month.
Fitch downgraded the utility's rating on $800 million in first-mortgage bonds to A from AA.
"It's a landmark decision because discrimination against Hispanics in this society is pervasive," said Antonio Silva, co-counsel for the agents in the class action suit.
People putting in their two cents.
Israel occupies a border strip in south Lebanon as a buffer zone against cross-border raids by Palestinian guerrillas.
She said she wanted to sell the pig for cash to buy feed for the other animals.
Overhead charges, also known as indirect costs, have been the subject of much debate in academic circles, amid federal budget austerity and declining support for university research in general.
The stock ownership plan, authorized by the board of directors in July, will supplement an existing retirement and savings plan.
Sometimes I do more, sometimes a little less," says Mr. Ross.
Hungarian government spokesman Zsolt Bajnok told reporters "a few days are still required" before the East Germans can be released, but he refuse to be more specific.
And why the attention given to its decision to cut the final dividend by 3p to 5p per share?
"Because feedstocks of natural gas are more widely distributed, even greater price competition would result in this case," it said.
Earlier in the day, prices for North Sea Brent fell by 65 cents to 70 cents a barrel on European spot markets, with some cargoes trading below $13 a barrel.
Car makers enjoyed a day of gains.
Both it and the building societies emphasised that the decision did not reflect dissatisfaction with the working relationship.
Yet now, as Congress moves toward raising the $3.35-an-hour minimum wage for the first time since 1981, the battle rages just as hot and heavy as ever.
The company said it would reduce the work force at its main Wisconsin plants by about 400 people, which is about 7% of overall employment but 18% of its manufacturing personnel.
Syrian gunners lobbed shells at two Christian harbors Thursday, killing at least two people hours after Arab League envoys called a new cease-fire to halt two months of fierce artillery battles.
'But for my money I'd prefer it this way, to have it out in the open.
Twenty years ago, Connecticut lawmakers approved a statewide income tax, only to reverse direction in the face of voter revolt and quickly repeal it.
Nickerson said that within the next 15 days Hertz must deposit $13.7 million into a special fund to be disbursed to individuals and insurance companies that were overcharged.
Two executives of Tokyo Aircraft Instrument Co. resigned from their managerial posts because one of their subordinates allegedly sold information to Soviet officials between April 1986 and July 1987, a company spokesman said.
Says the J.K. Lasser Institute in its annual publication Your Income Tax: "If your return is audited, you will have to prove that the casualty occurred and the amount of the loss.
Legislation that advocates say would give Idaho the nation's toughest anti-abortion law cleared a state Senate committee Friday and was headed for final legislative vote.
Perhaps it should be. Still on the subject of personalised number plates, I see that Ken Warren, Conservative MP for Hastings, owns MP 1066.
Second, she said, "We are down to problems in this country that can only be resolved by some group giving up something for another. For a long time we solved problems by putting new money on the table.
And if I win it will be a mainstream mandate."
The members of the group, he says, "seemed like a family."
Like Rocky Mountain's Chemical-Free TenderCare diaper, the new product does not contain chemical polymer salts used by other manufacturers in disposable diapers to absorb wetness.
Zaretsky stressed in his report that his conclusions were tentative and based on an as-yet uncompleted examination of Revco's problems.
Its 6,000-man 7th Armored Division, known as the Desert Rats, has trained with U.S. troops in Germany during NATO maneuvers.
Be sure to ask not only about regular call provisions but also about any special features that can trigger early calls, advises B. Daniel Evans, president of Fitch Investors Service Inc., a credit-rating company.
She replaces 46-year-old Neil Dunford (left), who is moved to the new position of MGIM deputy chairman. Morgan Grenfell's UK pension side has long trailed behind its highly successful international investment management.
In recent years, farmers have been required to idle some land to be eligible for federal payments.
The acquisition will also include certain undisclosed fixed assets, personnel and business relationships.
This was his best effort to date at convincing an audience of world leaders of his country's (and his own) democratic credentials. The script was flawless.
"If politicians really believe in parliamentary democracy, then they should participate in this election.
Net sales of US mutual funds this year have reached Dollars 180bn, he says; during the last two months, the amount of new cash flowing into foreign funds has exceeded Dollars 1bn a week.
"Peaceable Kingdom," about a gutsy woman zookeeper who lives right on the zoo grounds with her kids and pet seal, is another one of those warm-hearted family shows that make critics cringe.
Alpha chips currently cost about $1,500 each, and thus are impractical for use in PCs, Olivetti's main business, at the moment.
That made it likely that the announcement would coincide with the board's annual National Forum, scheduled Oct. 31-Nov.
The market was encouraged by the figures and the shares rose from 327p to 334p. Blue Circle stopped shipping to the US several years ago.
There are usually no witnesses other than the child and victimizer, and there is rarely conclusive physical evidence.
Besides luxury-hotel investment and management, it also has interests in property, transportation, airline catering, food manufacturing and retailing and restaurants.
Democratic presidential candidate Walter Mondale interviewed Cisneros in 1984 about possibly running on his ticket.
Past efforts have been examinations of issues such as hunger and foreign-language education.
Despite inflation, consumers are paying less for natural gas now, on average, than in 1984.
On Monday, the Bank of France boosted interest rates to defend the franc in the face of the German unit's strength.
In some countries, the use of non-public information to profit in the financial markets is perfectly acceptable.
London cocoa prices fell as Ivory Coast arrivals continued to be higher than previously forecast.
In the house, there is a staircase that is an architectural tour de force and the whole interior of the chapel is a decorative triumph. The recent history of Wardour has not been entirely happy.
They were lured one at a time to a barn, gagged, shot and dumped in a common grave.
They're staying liquid until they decide what to do," says David Thibodeau, executive vice president of Third National Bank in Nashville, Tenn.
Stock prices retreated in a turbulent session today, running into some resistance at or near record highs.
Camarena and Reveles were booked for investigation of conspiracy to commit murder and Aleman was booked for possession of a sawed-off rifle.
He had traveled there to dedicate a shrine.
An individual familiar with the situation estimated that the value of its trading book of interest-rate options could drop by as much as $30 million.
We now see that you need the process first.
The local is seeking enhanced pension benefits and retirement, including full benefits, at 55 years of age.
A Boston company and seven men were indicted on federal fraud charges in connection with a scheme to collect "advance fees" from borrowers seeking loans that were never provided.
He wants the Strasbourg assembly to have rights in EU decisions almost equal to the Council of Ministers.
In Rupert, with a population just over 600, many feel the real issue on the ballot has more to do with the local family feud than the issue of wet versus dry.
The ponds are enclosed by chain-link fences topped with razor wire and reinforced with small mesh at the base to keep out animals large and small.
Club president A. Sanford Miles, who called the suit a "David and Goliath" conflict, said money was not the issue in the lawsuit.
Car production in July rose 2.8% from a year earlier to 919,411 units, led by a 24% surge in production of medium-sized cars.
IMF contributions determine members' voting power and provide resources for loans to developing nations.
OHA receives money from the state and from income derived from trust lands turned over to Hawaii by the federal government upon statehood in 1959.
It said journalists who wrote the stories didn't want their names used for fear of gangland retribution.
And, according to OECD figures, its total GDP amounted to $359 billion, far short of its economic rival's $450 billion.
I know what you've done.
We've got a sincere problem." There have been other financial crises that forced cutbacks.
In 1980 the government spent $265 million on this program.
Heflin said NASA considered the problem serious because it went undetected before Discovery was launched.
Friends and aides say Mr. Reagan has developed a passionate belief that the limit sapped his power halfway through his second term and that it must be repealed if the country hopes to have truly effective leaders.
He said it would cost only $700 to connect to the corner tap, and that district commissioners offered to come out on their own time and dig the ditch.
Both companies make pressure-measurement systems used primarily by semiconductor makers.
Warner Communications Inc. said Monday that its earnings rose 22.3 percent in the second quarter, boosted by record profits in its film, music and cable broadcasting divisions.
Administration officials didn't rule out military action against Libya, but they suggested it isn't likely.
Tension rose in early August after the assassination by unidentified gunmen of Pakistani Shiite leader Arif Hussain al-Hussaini in the northwest frontier city of Peshawar.
But she warns of many reproductions and modern bottles that won't appreciate: "If you're just starting in this, buyer beware." FREDDIE MAC'S BACK to help bail out a New York co-op.
"A federal sentence has to be served in a federal facility," she said.
Thirty-seven passengers were aboard the Houston-to-Dallas train when the accident occurred near Waller, about 40 miles northwest of Houston, Southern Pacific Railroad spokesman Jim Johnson said.
But on a recent Sunday, his pattern changed radically.
Many come from troubled backgrounds.
In Reno, even thick-furred Malamute dogs balked at going outside.
The FAA is spending millions of dollars on bomb detection.
Tokyo share prices staged a moderate rally in the afternoon session to erase most of the morning's losses, but the buying interest was narrowly focused and the broad market closed mixed.
But authorities were looking into reports a prisoner threw paint thinner during a fight inside the ward and another inmate ignited the thinner to start the fire, Garza said.
"I think it is they who make the most major changes, and reduce the probabilities of an event such as last October recurring."
He is a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man, and he dresses in conservative blue suits.
Movie mogul Raymond Chow recalls his initial response to a suggestion he produce a film called "Teen-Age Mutant Ninja Turtles." "It's quite impossible!
Against this background, Mr. Baeza must prove that a monopoly government can be good government.
Barricada reported the altercation.
Except for two World War II Japanese battleships and the current Navy aircraft carriers, the 58,000-ton ships of the Iowa class are the largest warships in the world.
"Since the best quality track is usually found on lines connecting and traversing large population centers, the Energy Department is generally forced to choose between using higher quality track and avoiding high population areas," the report said.
"I would strongly hope that this issue can be put to rest" as a result of the report, said Suzanne Dilk, a former senior analyst with the Social Security Administration and one of four experts on the study panel.
The police department schedule doesn't reveal any "boxheads" like the three columnists who showed up in Atlanta with boxes on their heads to prove the media would make a story out of anything.
Fortunately, it all worked out.
Most think that Europeans realize they must make changes to compete against the Japanese and the U.S.
About 14,000 other U.S. troops participated in the invasion last year, but all those soldiers were withdrawn.
The sharp reduction in coking coal prices agreed between Japan and its Canadian and Australian suppliers has been followed by an even bigger cut on the European market.
The New York Stock Exchange hasn't said when it will allow program traders to resume regular use of the DOT system.
Eyeing the general election, he hopes to reinforce the "traditional values" advantage that GOP candidates have enjoyed over Democrats for a generation.
Seidman "suggested the name of Bill Taylor, who we're very high on, to take his responsibilities," Bush said.
Experts said people should talk about the experience and use jokes to relieve stress.
Wednesday's rejection of the $63.50-a-share offer came the same day that a Chancery Court judge in Delaware gave Holly Farms permission to ask its shareholders on April 14 to approve a friendly merger with ConAgra Inc. of Omaha, Neb.
The incident occurred shortly before midnight Thursday at the Air Defense Artillery Group 101 in Ciudadela, 12 miles west of the capital, the office of the chief of staff said in a brief communique.
But from internal figures, based on what OPEC members reported, the secretariat's second list calculated production for July at 17.4 million barrels a day and for August at 17.8 million barrels a day.
Mr. Greenspan also rejected the suggestion that this year's weakness in commodity prices, and strength in bond prices and the dollar, signaled that Fed policy is too tight.
The more than a billion third-party reports filed in 1990 included 225 million on withheld taxes; matched with returns, they led to $3.5 billion in IRS claims for added taxes and penalties.
"U.S. companies are aggressively pursuing opportunities in the Japanese market," the trade group said.
But Mr. Aaron, among others, continues to insist that the data are inconclusive.
"There's a life cycle to these things," said Vic Miller, who advises governors and legislators on federal grants.
At the Utah gathering, tribal leaders said they hope their alliance will lead to a summit with President Bush where concerns over federal encroachment into tribal sovereignty could be discussed.
Nevertheless, the preliminary conclusions of the Concorde trial seem discouraging. A recent article in the British Medical Journal supports Wellcome's view that changes in protocol make any meaningful analysis difficult.
The deficit was thereby only cut from 13.3 per cent of GDP to 6.3 per cent.
MDI Mobile Data International Inc. said shareholders re-elected the company's board despite a challenge from a dissident group opposed to a takeover of the company by Motorola Inc., Schaumburg, Ill.
The 40th birthday festivities kicked off at the Super Bowl in New Orleans in January with a halftime show featuring the Peanuts characters.
Niederberger, who got off the train half an hour earlier and called the transit authority to report the driver, said his warnings were handled too slowly to prevent the accident.
This is union "brotherhood" at its worst.
A NASA doctor caused the cancellation of plans to have President Nixon have dinner with the Apollo 11 astronauts before the launch of that first moon-landing mission.
Mrs. Whitmire set a special council session for Friday to discuss a resolution against racist remarks.
Perhaps Wednesday would have provided it.
Gerstner's accomplishments speak for themselves," he says.
A Bush administration report to Congress complains in unmistakable terms about human rights abuses in China following last year's crackdown on the pro-democracy movement there, according to sources who have seen the document.
"Our level of confidence will drive how big a bet we'll make," says Kenneth Gregory, a principal in the firm.
Rebels are slowly advancing from suburb to suburb of this capital, where an atmosphere of fear and lawlessness prevails along with expectations President Samuel Doe will soon take flight.
But Shamir himself has suggested that the Israeli threshold for moving into Jordan may be lower than the officially stated policy.
Qintex Entertainment Inc., a television production and distribution firm, will sell its operating assets for more than $65 million in two transactions, it was announced today.
"Our government is set on finding a political solution to the conflict," Cristiani said Friday. "There is no use for a military solution.
The recession, which began in mid-1992, has yet to bottom out.
A surprising number of people cannot remember.
(See Observer) The Treasury has a new mastermind for its efforts to attract private capital into the provision of public services.
The Legislature last December approved an additional $35 million for the program.
Nicor said gas distribution expenditures will rise by $10 million.
For the one great lesson of the war is that the conventional defense of Europe is inadequate and that, therefore, the nuclear threshold is unacceptably low.
I was about to step forth on a dare from my editor when a spaced-out blonde weaved out of the crowd.
"Things are looking pretty good," says John Canning, a senior executive at First Chicago Corp., a longtime KKR investor.
BA/CA-Poland S.A. is also very active in corporate and retail banking, as well as in treasury and capital markets.
Thirty years later, in 1764, the monks produced the milder green liqueur based on the elixir, and this is their main product today. The elixir itself is still available.
Since Midas, perhaps since Adam, the consequences of risky business have been spurned to the peril of those who dare to pursue happiness a little too voraciously.
On the root cause of homelessness, 45 percent said society mainly is at fault and 33 percent said the homeless themselves are chiefly to blame.
Donna Alston, a spokeswoman for Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority, said 568 of the authority's 1,510 buses are lift-equipped.
The House agreed to a seven-month extension of the program that allows some illegal aliens to apply for legal residence.
New homes must be at least 3 feet above the 100-year flood plain.
Foreign ownership of U.S. airlines raises concerns about national security, competition and bilateral negotiations on international routes, Skinner has said.
The inmates did demand that there be no prosecution for any crimes committed during the riot, but state officials refused.
All seven have held top positions in anti-apartheid groups around Port Elizabeth, one of the most militant black areas in the country.
Only Japan (34.7) and Germany (16) are more expensive.
"That's like you telling me the guy down the street is going to assemble the F-14 fighter.
The proposal was finely balanced, matching US concessions in zinc with Japanese tariff cuts in copper.
"When I first met him, he was interested in any business that walked.
Audubon filters out 80 per cent.
"The picture is one we're constantly evaluating, and if we find we're falling short within an area we know we can do better, we're going to be seeking those additional funds," he said.
Instead it suggests an annual shortfall of Pounds 200m a year. The report yesterday provided the basis of an angry condemnation by the British Medical Association of the closure plans.
However, the company said fewer than 75% of the notes, due in 2001, were tendered under the offer.
These were fed grain for 10 to 13 months.
In January 1989 Lloyds led the way and the others soon followed.
By acquiring such companies and their trademarks, analysts say, Playmates would be able to market existing products under its own name.
The 21-year-old survivor, who suffered burns and an ankle injury, was in stable condition at Boulder Community Hospital on Saturday night, according to a statement by the Boulder County Sheriff's Department.
Purchases by that group, if made with Guinness or Morgan Grenfell backing or with an agreement to protect the purchasers from a later price drop, could be a violation of takeover code or even British company law.
GM said the buybacks would have the effect of "increasing participation in the net income of EDS and GMHE by the holders of (regular) common stock."
Even in New York, where a new scam comes along about as often as a puff of pollution from New Jersey, this is one for the books: They're scalping lox.
These are much bigger than their Polaris predecessors. Most of the work would be done at other docks.
In the short term the only way to make large cuts in public expenditures - barring a wages freeze on which the prime minister remains a little vague - is through cuts in capital investment in projects.
The legislation is given good prospects for winning House approval, but it faces tough going in the Senate.
All three paintings taken from Amsterdam's Municipal Museum last month were recovered undamaged, according to police spokesman Klaas Wilting.
In state stores, where prices are lower but the stock phrase is "Nie ma" _ "There is none _ beef is almost never seen.
He and his wife, Theda, wanted to stay in Atlanta.
Among the most significant of those events are the sudden spike in the price of oil and the looming possibility of a recession soon.
The company also said it has instituted a claims procedure for reimbursing back pay.
Afternoon temperatures also were generally in the upper 80s and 90s from southern Texas to the southern half of the Atlantic Coast.
Paper and chemicals concern Feldmuehle-Nobel shed 3.20 marks to 271.80, adjusted for the payout of a 10-mark dividend.
The Soviets have an estimated 355 Backfires now, according to the International Institute for Strategic Studies, a London-based think tank.
In this tense atmosphere, wild rumors abounded.
Jackson said Monday he could conceive of situations where he would grant safe passage to hostage-takers, saying "I choose negotiation over blind bloody confrontation."
Hanson was the third busiest stock option, trading 1,030 contracts.
Sophisticated investors argue that income-seekers often would do better to aim for capital growth instead.
The minimum initial investment is $1 million.
"When I first came here, live whales cost Newfoundland fishermen over $1 million a year from lost or damaged nets and all," Beamish says. "And now tourism probably brings in $1 million a year to the island.
Once the gene has been identified, researchers can begin figuring out its function and then start searching for possible therapy.
But she still spends plenty of time at the stove.
She had previously worked with Bochco on the short-lived series about a minor-league baseball team, "Bay City Blues."
The key documents involved generally were Defense Department five-year spending plans.
He said his client's guilty plea referred only to the fact that he neglected to tell investors that he was permanently barred in 1955 from selling securities in New York state.
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months, with declining use being the result.
Dixon said he had been notified by the singer's promotion company, TCC Productions of Encino, Calif., that Jackson's illness progressed Monday to laryngitis.
In the last 13 years there has been one escape.
Christian sources said the embassy siege was designed by Aoun to whip up anti-American sentiment among Christians inside and outside Lebanon, to bring pressure on the United States.
The movie still has a strong cult following.
Swingle speculated the whale may have been in shallow water feeding on fish.
About 60,000 have been issued.
It provides for both criminal and civil prosecution and carries penalties of up to $50,000 for each day of violation and imprisonment of up to six months.
In February, the company posted a six-month loss of 2.9 million pounds, or $4.9 million.
The French daily Le Monde said the Soviets told Palestinian leaders that making their move before the Nov. 1 vote could benefit candidates of the Israeli right.
They presented a chart showing the fund would be $193 million in the red by 1995 unless a down payment were required and the loan origination fee raised.
At the Port Isabel Service Processing Center, where an influx of asylum applicants was expected, giant tents were pitched to house detainees and dozens of typewriters were shipped to process applications.
But the Dec. 1 rate of lay averaged 68.8 eggs per 100 birds, compared with 68.5 eggs a year earlier, the board said in its recent report.
Some 650,000 younger West Germans began learning trade skills this year, down from a peak of 706,000 in 1986.
Bankers Trust New York and J.P. Morgan declined to say whether they would risk a confrontation with the Fed by applying to the state for approval to set up securities units.
Only yesterday, the US Customs confirmed it was investigating whether export laws were violated in a 1985 sale of Thomson lasers to Iraq.
By today, the winds had dropped by nearly half and the Brisbane Weather Office said the storm was no longer a major threat to coast communities.
The company is also considering expanding into the warehousing business.
The Agency for International Development also will maximize its support for foreign capital projects, the administration said in its report to Congress.
"The Bush-Cheney budget proposal, even after Kuwait, proposes devastating cuts," Mr. Aseritis notes.
Boyd told the Saint Paul (Minn.) Pioneer Press that the loan follows a precedent established in 1987 when Boeing Co. bought $700 million in convertible notes from Allegis, then the parent company to United Airlines, as part of a jet sale.
GW Utilities, which has interests in oil production and transportation, paid a special dividend of C$10 a share, or C$393 million, in January following the sale of its 82% stake in Consumers Gas Ltd. to British Gas PLC.
Regulators picked Banc One Corp. of Columbus, Ohio, the nation's 25th largest banking company, from among six firms bidding to take over the insolvent banks with $13.1 billion in assets.
Mr. Brooke's departure was unexpected, some employees said.
And he has his own fan club with more than 5,000 members.
"We fell slightly short in the second year, and by the third year, it was clear revenue growth couldn't sustain publishing," says Mr. Jennings.
The new directors are Christopher Skase, chairman of Qintex Ltd., and two other senior Qintex officers, Robert Campbell and Richard Capps.
But 10 patients of the 56 who received a placebo developed the disease.
Libya was accused of using chemical weapons in a war against Chad.
The inspectors say: 'That company had no assets to meet such a liability.' They also criticise a 'comfort letter' from Blyth Dutton, Norton's solicitors.
"Whether the economy is moving out of recession into a recovery is a question of diminishing importance right now," Mr. Gross said.
I think that's why it was very hard to realize that it was closing.
A stack of tortillas, the mainstay of the Mexican diet, can still be bought for about a nickel a pound, and the prices of milk, gasoline and a host of other products haven't changed much.
NATURAL GAS The Supreme Court, in a decision the Reagan administration says could save consumers an estimated $100 million a year, cleared the way today for price deregulation of some natural gas.
The problem, said Mr. Rittereiser, was that brochures used to sell the product created the impression that the bonds always would sell at par, suggesting that there was little risk to principal.
Both institutions said they plan to reach agreement on terms of the transaction within 45 days and have agreed not to negotiate with other parties during that period.
Thirteen months later and 3,200 miles away, the Valdez oil spill again will wash over the nation's largest oil company Wednesday as shareholders consider six environmental proposals seeking to make Exxon Corp. more ecologically responsive.
Martech played a role in the Exxon Valdez oil cleanup.
The report concludes that "our vast investment in El Salvador has brought neither peace nor political stability nor a sound economy.
It is estimated that the entire Superfund cleanup bill may reach $500 billion.
DECIDES, as a consequence, to take the following measure to secure compliance of Iraq with operative paragraph 2 and to restore the authority of the legitimate Government of Kuwait; 3.
He might also have some diplomatic tips.
Also since the accident, both the Directors Guild and the Screen Actors Guild set up 24-hour hotlines to answer questions on safety issues on a movie set.
Every action incites a reaction.
"It won't stay out of our business.
Also on trial is Saudi financier Adnan Khashoggi, who is accused of helping the Marcoses conceal a series of New York real estate deals allegedly financed in part with money stolen from the Philippine treasury.
He noted that on Sept. 22, the Sandinista government required that American diplomats based in Nicaragua who leave the country, for whatever reason, must wait three weeks before they are allowed to re-enter Nicaragua.
Saturday's London violence was the worst since September 1985, when crowds of young blacks and some whites clashed with police in the northern industrial city of Birmingham.
The Whitneys discovered the bats when Bill peeked into the attic and saw foot-high mounds of bat guano.
"My guess is, it'll increase the numbers" of Armenians seeking to come to the United States, McNary said at a news conference.
But he added that the talks have also included all the other major software and hardware players in workstations, including Sun, Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp.
The group now holds 343,900 shares in the Basking Ridge, N.J., package-delivery and auto-parts company.
Sales probably climbed 0.1% last month after rising 0.7% in September, while industrial production was probably unchanged after increasing 0.1%, some economists say.
But the numbers lie, said one congressional military expert.
UAL (NYSE; Symbol: UAL) Business: Airlines, hotels and car and truck rentals.
This year's shipments, primarily from Australia and New Zealand but also more than a dozen other countries, are forecast at 2.08 billion pounds, nearly twice the amount of exports.
The company has 54 million Canadian dollars (US$47.9 million) in Series B preferred outstanding.
On Sunday, he co-authored a piece alleging that Mr. Maxwell planned to fake his death and escape with millions siphoned from his empire.
The approval followed a three-day hearing last week during which Judge Barry Schermer considered the merits of competing offers by Horsham's AOC Acquisition Corp. unit and Getty Petroleum Corp., of Jericho, N.Y.
I had not seen this before and thought it very distinctive.
Defense Minister Horacion Jaunarena accepted an invitation, delivered by Shultz from U.S. Defense Secretary Frank Carlucci, to visit the United States this fall.
Basil also has a growing following.
She said it would be corrected in any future editions.
New government data that suggested the pace of economic growth is slowing had little impact on the stock market.
"He is the governor of our state and I have respect for him in that position and I'm sorry that the man doesn't understand what my philosophy is," Duke said. "He's operating on what he perceives my philosophy was 10 years ago or 15 years ago.
Donovan's life work is art usually seen at a great distance in a fleeting glance from a car window.
Earnings for the quarter ended Jan. 31 rose to $253 million, or $3.38 a share, from $224 million, or $3 a share, last year.
The realignment, announced Tuesday, indicated that Mahathir intends to isolate party opponents from the Kuala Lumpur government.
He says other investors include technicians from TRW, General Motors Corp.'s Hughes Aircraft division and McDonnell Douglas.
A few policemen kept their distance and made no attempt to disperse the demonstrators.
Still, when she delves into politics, she tries not to let personal views show.
Mr. Bryan can't afford any mistakes as he undertakes something rare in Britain: A bitter, U.S.-style proxy contest.
A year ago, for example, none foresaw the devastating drought that swept across much of the nation in the spring of 1988 or the economic grief it caused for hard-pressed farmers trying to recover from earlier financial troubles.
As in the case of Gillette, he contends that the Vikings' management, too, is running the team largely for its own gain.
The plan would end uncertainty about health insurance by guaranteeing all Americans access to care that 'could never be taken away'.
Chesley said he will ask that Chubb's records for the drought insurance be audited and that the court appoint a master to invest and pay out the money.
The request, by First City principals Richard Greenberg, Frederick Greenberg and Dan Quigley, was approved by the bank board in January 1985.
Still, a slow stock market is slow for everyone.
For example, Mazda wants Ford to build trucks for it in the U.S. that Mazda can sell in this country under its own brand name.
The four islands plan to hold a political union referendum after parliamentary elections, still unscheduled, are held in Grenada and Dominica.
Why shouldn't I be as thin-minded as the next American?
Gorbachev appealed for calm Feb. 26, but after the strife tapered off in Yerevan rioting broke out in the Azerbaijani port of Sumgait and 32 people were killed, 26 of them Armenians.
Snow continued falling today from the Pacific Northwest to the northern Rockies, northern Plains, and upper Mississippi Valley, and was expected to spread to the Great Lakes.
Expanding on this notion, Ms. Borden has asked: "What is so wrong with renting your body for two shifts a week, when the alternative is a 40-hour-a-week job that makes you so burned out all you can do is come home and watch TV at the end of the day?"
Still, the ducks ruffled feathers in Santa Rosa, Calif., when environmentalists opposed a race on the Russian River.
According to the legal situation in our country, it is a freely elected parliament, the sovereign of the people, which has to decide this question.
The law was overturned unanimously in February in a federal court decision by a three-judge panel comprising Kennedy, Carter and Reagan appointees.
After she was shot, LeRoy Frederick ran to a highway, and got the attention of a truck driver, who called police.
Interior Minister Alejandro Izaguirre warned in a national TV address that the government would not tolerate further public disorder. "Burning buses and cars, lootings and sackings of shops are not the expression of a democratic society.
The House education and labor committee approved a measure by Rep. Tony Hall, D-Ohio, to let states borrow a greater amount of next year's WIC appropriation to cover current shortages.
Members of the University of Southern California marching band offered him their helmets to wear.
Douwe Egberts is Western Europe's largest coffee marketer with more than $1 billion in annual sales.
The State Department, in turn, denies any financing problems.
Last fall, GM took a $2.1 billion charge to cover the closing of seven assembly plants in North America.
We'll let you know at the appropriate time," he said.
The new long-term bonds to be auctioned tomorrow were quoted at 8.35% bid.
Though he believes Network remains "sound," he has cut his revenue estimates for the current year to $210 million, from $230 million because of concern over the declining revenue from IBM.
In the succeeding two years, scientists have been trying to determine exactly how low cholesterol levels should be to minimize the risk of a heart attack.
Nearly half of the company's sales, or about $80 million, came from its growing NordicTrack business.
The U.S. agreement to talk with the Palestine Liberation Organization spares President-elect Bush one politically difficult decision, but gives him another arduous task: overseeing that dialogue.
In the 1940s, Skinner also invented something he thought could revolutionize child rearing _ his air crib, known less reverently as the baby box.
I know it's important to Redford." Hillerman said Redford delayed the film project at one point because he was unsatisfied with the casting.
The most recent salvos came when he hired Horrigan, a popular Post-Dispatch columnist, and won exclusive use of Knight Ridder News Service in the Sun.
"Little boys and girls play with toys and hope to grow up to build bridges _ and we do it now.
In Islam, gambling is unlawful.
"We thought we had a clear mandate," says the company's Mr. Carrigan.
More important, it means that the parts are all in the right places, doing the right jobs.
The water and the natural carbon dioxide gas that makes it bubbly are normally separated underground, then carried up separate pipes to the bottling plant, Perrier Managing Director Frederik Zimmer said.
That fact, along with our unwillingness, indeed our inability, to wear moral blinders, apparently makes us a "minority" firm.
Letting him and his family live in prison would have been more just.
Yet there it is, mysteriously inserted in the CR.
Volume was a scant 349.7 million shares, down from 396.6 million shares Tuesday.
"Wrapping wasn't important until the end of the century," said Mrs. Conlin.
Orion executives couldn't be reached.
Turkey has grossly violated human rights in Cyprus since it invaded the island in 1974, occupying 37% of its territory and forcibly uprooting some 200,000 Greek-Cypriots.
He points out that there are only 55 members.
United has agreed to pay $290 million for Pan Am's London routes, subject to approval from the U.S. Transportation Department.
Trump also said he would leave the airline's headquarters in Fort Worth.
Amalgamated, though, is bucking a strong trend.
However, Mr. Forstmann hasn't always advocated government action to curb supposed excesses in the buy-out business.
Tyco said the cables will be made by the unit for installation in 1989.
George Bush says he is "almost haunted" by the plight of inner-city children.
Czechoslovakia has ordered two British military attaches out of the country for activities "incompatible with their diplomatic status," the official news agency CTK reported today.
Manigat was elected on Jan. 17.
As the stock market took off, he financed forward trading in shares out of funds raised on the collateral of bankers' receipts - an instrument used only in India, by which a bank pledges later delivery of securities already paid for.
News that the index of leading indicators rose 0.9% and factory orders rose 3.8% in March was better than generally expected.
He also postponed from May to September a planned venture into commodity futures trading.
No fanfares for the 300 former Roman Catholic priests admitted to the Episcopal Church in the US. What is the attraction of Rome?
"The Europeans were being critical, but in fact they were complimenting President Bush.
Mauricio Diaz, president of the left-of-center Social-Christian Popular Party, initially said his party would talk with Ortega, then said a decision had not been made.
As a backup in case revenues fall short, however, some issuers pledge other taxes to repay the bonds; other issuers agree to allocate money from their budgets.
Another winner in the mining sector was Nippon Mining, up 35 to 452.
The debate over how much and how fast to cut interest rates was expected to be the primary topic today when top Fed officials gathered behind closed doors for their final monetary strategy session of 1990.
Edward Lee Cave is a real-estate broker the way Stanley Marcus is a shopkeeper.
It wasn't until 1841, when Sir James Brooke arrived in Sarawak as the first white rajah, that headhunting was outlawed.
"Luckily, I had lots of written material ready," Allen said. "Since you never know what the intermission guests will say, I don't want to anticipate or contradict them.
The dollar plunged against the Japanese yen Wednesday, while the key index on the Tokyo Stock Exchange erased early gains and fell back.
"They're behind us all the way," Mr. Smith asserts, and others agree.
ROSTENKOWSKI'S SURGERY for appendicitis further delays tax-bill action.
He has degrees in sociology and law and has spent his life working as an official in the AD. In 1989 he was elected mayor of west Caracas, Venezuela's largest municipality.
The seaside garrison was seized Thursday by eight police officers who had been fired from their jobs and ordered held in connection with a murder investigation.
Re-equipping the Reichsbahn is only part of the picture, though.
The appeals court ruled that under the Uniform Commercial Code, the confirmation slip nonetheless constituted the final expression of the deal and that no contrary evidence based on a prior agreement could be introduced in court.
The Chicago Board Options Exchange, smarting from a 50 percent downturn in options trading since the Oct. 19 stock market collapse, is trying to persuade brokers and investors to return to the market.
About half were in their 70s and 80s, and half were quite young." He found other homes for about 16 nuns, but said the four elders refused to separate from the community.
Allegheny common shares closed at $17.625, up 75 cents, on the Big Board.
Among these is the establishment of an independent review authority to take responsibility from the Home Office for investigating and referring suspect cases back to the Court of Appeal.
It's easy to see why Tonda appeals to those who shun the crowds of Rimini or Riccione.
Excluding special items, earnings per share totalled 59 cents, up 13 per cent.
It's not the first time the idea of a tunnel has confronted Britain's island identity.
Script contain not only dialogue and monologue but lighting and stage directions.
China announced Thursday it had released 211 jailed pro-democracy protesters, including several prominent academics, in a move that appeared timed to head off possible U.S. trade sanctions.
Phoenix Art Museum: "Carl Oscar Borg: A Niche in Time."
It's possible that plans for the space station may change further even before Mr. Reagan leaves office.
His early travels and appointments were set without advance word to Democrats from the state involved.
First Boston Corp.'s merger department suffered a jolt to its prestige as Farmers Group Inc. hired archrival Morgan Stanley & Co. to assist Farmers in defending a proposed takeover by Batus Inc.
Some industry analysts say the baby boomers could help boost sales by year-end to more than double the drug's 1987 world-wide sales.
"He wanted good, dry wines," the indictment said, adding that the defendants obliged him.
Negotiations began in 1986 with the objective of liberalizing trade in goods and services.
In a study at the Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia, a group of laboratory rats induced to have heart attacks suffered 50 percent less cell damage after injections of transforming growth factor beta than did rats that did not receive the TGF beta.
The statement came as millions of Czechs took part in a two-hour strike to press their demands for political freedoms.
The council would comprise representatives from the government and rebels.
Quotas will be abolished in other markets, such as beach shoes and waterproof footwear. The Commission will meet Chinese officials this week.
Mautner's office said the district attorney may seek the order as early as Wednesday.
Some official sources estimated that tens of thousands, and perhaps hundreds of thousands of people, were left homeless in Bangladesh.
Hundreds were killed, and China later executed ringleaders.
JoAnne Akalaitis, earth mother of the avant-garde theater troupe Mabou Mines, was named his artistic associate.
Occidental said the 12,500-ton pile of wreckage will be inspected and mapped, and "every effort" will be made to retrieve any human remains.
She later received a second check to cover her on-campus training.
The Reagan administration has said the troops were not sent to combat against Nicaragua's Sandinista army.
"A commander doesn't abandon his ship in stormy weather." _ Noriega responding to questions about whether he would step down in the face of pressure from the United States, May 1988.
There has been no mention of casualties from either side.
Ralphs' 14% senior subordinated debentures, maturing in 2000, finished at 86 1/4, up 1/4.
It was also unclear whether the helicopters had filed necessary flight plans and whether there had been any voice communication between the fighters and the helicopters before both jets fired their missiles.
The Walsh group's bid, in a letter to the Rochester, N.Y., sportswear concern, hardly comes as a surprise.
Canon's project to develop 3-D graphics based on software rather than hardware is another example of R&D that the group felt would be better done in the UK than in Japan. The Japanese have been quick to tap the expertise of their EC partners.
"This was not taken as a first step," said police Capt.
Mellon contends that Nabisco changed its mind after the ad appeared.
What little chance there was of reaching a new accord, which blossomed simply because the 74 member nations were discussing the possibility, completely disappeared following the strong tone of a Brazilian representative's comments.
With a complete new car costing nearly Dollars 1.5bn to develop, the study says, collaboration and further outsourcing is inevitable.
Affiliates of ABC, a unit of Capital Cities/ABC Inc., had the option of bailing out after a half-hour.
The Texas Instruments machine has less memory than Compaq's LTE386s-20, but it's lighter at 5.7 pounds and has a bigger screen. In addition, the TI machine includes the DOS operating system, which costs extra on the Compaq model.
An army marches on its stomach, Napoleon supposedly remarked, but senators say a 15-page set of specifications for government issue cookies may be carrying the concern with rations too far.
The 27-member Judicial Conference of the United States voted unanimously to urge a one-year delay of the guidelines, which will take effect automatically unless Congress blocks them.
And like a sitcom, it has lots of chuckles, mostly arising around the house, as friends wander in and out.
Their yield fell to 7.780 percent from 7.810 percent.
When the chemists suspended in solution the stiff strings of carbon used in Kevlar, they found them scattered randomly, like bunches of brittle, uncooked spaghetti dropped on the floor.
The litigation commonly takes years.
'My sole preoccupation is the bottom line,' he says.
Because women are more likely to develop communal, confessional relationships, they say, there is a new flavor to collegial friendships.
Quayle was an outspoken opponent of legislation to ban the use of lie detectors in the workplace, and he complained when the White House dropped its opposition last March that it had "caved like a house of cards."
Some misinterpret his momentum as evidence of stability rather than merely as a sign of political courage.
With Democrats holding majorities in the House and Senate, the only questions seem to be how large the so-called "peace dividend" will be, and where the savings will go.
As a result, Paramount never got the chance to take its offer directly to Time's stockholders.
It therefore makes sense to resist it in a manner that preserves, and if possible promotes, the values sought to be vindicated.
Warren Greene, who runs a $12 million high-yield portfolio at his American Investors Income Fund Inc. in Greenwich, Conn., said he doesn't think it's likely anyone will bid for CenTrust's entire junk portfolio because the market is so weak.
The oil industry is a good example of what's been going on.
Mr. Boskin notes that deregulation of many American industries in the 1970s and 1980s obliterated the reporting of reams of information to regulatory agencies.
Ninety years ago, the Algoma Central Railway first pierced the Canadian hinterland.
The resolution was passed Tuesday by the AFL-CIO Executive Council, according to a statement.
PLO military chief Khalil al-Wazir was assassinated Saturday in Tunisia, and PLO leaders have blamed Israel for the attack.
Mr. Tyda remains chief operating officer.
Substantial efforts are needed to complete the formation of the single European market by the end of the year.
The company has no estimate on how long the plant would be out of service.
Volume was 483.9 million shares, down from Wednesday's 548.1 million shares.
But KKR's plan for RJR probably would lead to the sale of RJR's tobacco business.
Forty percent of the respondents younger than 45 would have liked to have attended, for example, compared with just 10 percent of the older respondents.
Elsewhere in the South, Republicans say Robertson may demonstrate a strength not detected in the polls.
They burned the rest.
Pittston dropped out of the national coal industry bargaining organization before negotiations began for the 1988 agreement, saying the company's needs were different than those of the rest of the industry.
And I want to see that determined by the alliance and keep the solid alliance position.
We have to keep much bigger alcohol stocks in case of transport problems.
For 'Voi che sapete' she had been given intricate 18th-century embellishments written by one Domenico Corri, a happy find.
By contrast, spending on cars, medicine and utility bills rose. Two signs that Japan might be near the trough of its downturn emerged yesterday with a slowdown in the pace of corporate profits decline and a slight recovery in money supply.
Mr. Mann declined to say whether he would voluntarily surrender to U.S. authorities, and he wouldn't discuss other aspects of the case.
In 1984, General Motors Corp. bought the company for $2.55 billion.
Brazil maintains it needs the trade restrictions to protect its fledgling computer industry from foreign competition.
Iraq's Saddam Hussein made a major concession to autonomy-seeking Kurds by ruling that members of the Kurdish regional legislature no longer had to swear allegiance to his Baath party.
National Security Minister Errol Anderson of Jamaica, who made the announcement, did not identify the men.
"It was a case of mistaken identity," al-Mjeni said. "Grasshoppers are attracted to light and, not surprisingly, they congregated near the governor's office which is well illuminated at night.
To achieve the increased spending will require the administration to make cuts in other programs of $38 billion.
Another orbiter is being built as a replacement for Challenger and is scheduled for its first launch in early 1992.
He denied ever having violated the rules governing his stay here.
'It all just happened after that.
In speaking of the Queen as a foreigner, Mr Keating clearly intended to make a small gesture towards Australian nationalism.
In a story in the Wednesday edition of the newspaper, Unger described his feelings after meeting two inmates in their small, bleak cell who wished to surrender.
The 75-share index closed at 3,620.77, down 6.29 on the day and down 1.2 per cent on the week.
He's known for boisterous bobbing and jumping on stage as he urges his musicians to greater heights.
He sees more than he says and moves easily between the circles of power in Washington and the more down-home ways of his constituents.
The publisher of Individual Investor magazine trailed in the one-month derby this time.
Growth has been sustained by focusing policies on improving the efficiency and flexibility of our economies and by strengthening our cooperative efforts and the coordination process.
"It is one of the points of the reform that is positive." Wilk said government policy had mandated that Autosan produce for the domestic bus market and for the Soviet Union at prices that were not profitable.
Criminal justice cannot protect the modern democratic society against the fraudster.
Estee Lauder, for example, spends only an estimated 5% of sales on advertising in the U.S., and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy.
Simone Veil's separate centrist list won 8.4 percent of the vote.
Even so, several years of tests by poultry breeders will be required before similar transgenic chickens will be laying eggs for consumers.
In turn, Mr. Schwartz served on CenTrust's board from April 1988 to August 1989.
He called it a good deal for the FSLIC, the agency that insures deposits, and for depositors.
Gearing is high and is unlikely to fall until Wace can make some significant property disposals. However, the other ratios - dividend and interest cover - look fairly comfortable.
"We're least happy with Florida.
Instead, Boskin has proposed creating a two-tiered pension system and additional incentives for more private savings for retirement.
Refined petroleum products also headed lower Friday.
For the banks, Deutsche Bank has taken up the defense of the status quo.
The protesters, including women in black chadors, also chanted slogans against the United States, France and Israel.
Separately, Macmillan disclosed that "an entity related to the Bass Group" has requested government approval to acquire more than 50 percent of Macmillan's outstanding shares.
Laryngitis caused Nancy Reagan to cancel a trip today to a Nashville, Tenn., school that a snowstorm had prevented her from visiting once before.
On Tuesday, Israeli Defense Minister Yitzhak Shamir also denied the Washington Post report that said Israeli scientists improved the guidance systems of the Chinese CSS-2 medium-range missile deployed in Saudi Arabia.
Dunphy will leave KABC-TV, his home for 14 years, upon finalization of contract details, officials at Disney-owned KHJ said Friday.
A $10,000 fee to apply for new cellular telephone licenses would raise $88 million over two years.
The loan is separate from a financing that Campeau is seeking to pay off an $800 million bridge loan made by Citibank and which is due April 1990.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials rose 2.13 to 2,033.25 in the first half hour of trading.
A native Oregonian, Mr. Kuse joined Georgia-Pacific's chemical division in 1967 as an industrial chemicals salesman.
Time and Warner originally agreed to merge in a stock-for-stock transaction but revised their merger agreement to provide for Time's tender offer after Paramount announced its first bid on June 6.
Mrs. Eggert, 34, has changed her name and taken refuge in a "safe house" for abused women.
The fighting violated a shaky cease-fire that was called May 17 to halt more than four months of intra-Christian clashes for dominance of a tiny enclave northeast of Beirut.
Specialist firms make markets in specific stocks to ensure smooth trading.
"The loss is extensive and involves almost all of the total assets of the fund," he said, according to a transcript of the videotape.
UAW President Owen Bieber said the terms were similar to those of contracts with the nation's two biggest automakers.
Much of the information has been received by the previous crew via facsimile machine or computer, so the hotline's contents are largely synchronous with newspaper and television reports.
He refused to discuss the meetings further.
As reported previously, Security Pacific Corp.'s London-based brokerage unit submitted a bid to acquire Burns Fry earlier this year.
The winners, as does happen, died in their beer.
He and Mr Charles Pasqua lead the two thirds of the RPR who say 'No' to Maastricht and tried three years ago to oust the moderately pro-treaty Mr Chirac.
But the measure would add the Senate president pro tempore to that list.
"The constitution is the one that orders me to turn over the power to the government that is elected in the elections," Ortega said.
During sentencing Tuesday, Ms. McMurray told District Judge Sam Kiser that Harris and his co-defendant, Ricky Wilson, beat her, tied her to a chair and ransacked her apartment.
Over the past year, nominal hourly wages have risen at an annual rate of 3.3 percent, compared with an inflation rate of 4 percent as measured by consumer prices.
He is strongly Christian, but believes religion and politics have to be kept apart. In spite of his 'Paddy' nickname, Sir Patrick fears his Irish background is overplayed.
The Panamanian leader has been indicted on drug charges in the United States.
July's figure for wholesale price inflation, down 1.3 per cent on the month, could signal a turning point in the German economy, reducing the need for a Lombard rate rise. When US trading opened, the good news was forgotten.
James D. Watkins, as the first career military man to head the Department of Energy, which devotes two-thirds of its budget to developing, building and testing the nation's nuclear arsenal at a network of 15 major plants in a dozen states.
Mayor Tim Smith proclaimed Monday "Carrie White Day in Palatka" and she received telephone calls from U.S. Sens. Bob Graham of Florida and David Pryor of Arkansas.
In late 1988, HUD agreed to lend partnerships connected to Associated Financial $16.5 million to rehabilitate the property.
The department proposed anti-dumping duties of 15.16 percent on Komatsu Limited; 7.49 percent on Aida Engineering Limited and 14.51 percent on all other Japanese companies manufacturing the mechanical presses.
But he didn't leave Fidelity Investments.
It also will provide rebates to customers who install various energy-saving devices such as high-efficiency motors and non-electrically driven cooling systems.
He said the bank is gradually centralizing customer credit reviews to give branch employees more time to sell its services.
Boussena said the oil producing nations would return to their quota system once the Gulf crisis ended.
By contrast, however, net new international bank lending expanded $120 billion in the second half of 1987.
He also failed to report $2.2 million of that money to the Internal Revenue Service, the indictment charges.
Mr. Buchsbaum resigned "as a result of concern for his family," Holly said.
The group, the Conference on Security and Cooperation in Europe, is struggling to produce a treatyin time for a mid-November summit in Paris.
Outside the convention hall at the Walt Disney World Dolphin Hotel, Teamsters marched through corridors waving signs for their favorite candidates and chanting campaign slogans.
A subsidiary of Australian developer Hooker Corp. said Friday that it has retained an investment adviser to consider selling, refinancing or finding partners for three of its U.S. shopping malls.
"Once they deplete their fat reserves, then they start metabolizing protein at a more extensive rate," said Glenn DelGiudice, a wildlife biologist specializing in nutrition and physiology.
They point to the wide-ranging and profitable companies they have built and argue that monopolies play only a minor role in their success.
The scheme allegedly generated more than $350 million in false tax deductions for investors.
The value of cut cultivated greens rose 9 percent to $98.8 million.
HEAVY LOSSES in a carpet subsidiary helped to depress pre-tax profits at Lamont Holdings, the Northern Ireland-based textiles company.
But the Absorption Ministry says 4,450 Soviet immigrants have left Israel since the beginning of 1991. Marina speaks good Hebrew but she has no Israeli friends and she does not feel 'Israeli'.
United spokesman Lawrence M. Nagin said the jet had undergone a complete four-day inspection 88 days before the accident, and a less intensive check Feb. 16.
Their wishes were slavishly followed.
In a recent roundtable on the subject, he said that Mr. Bush could face a tight race even if the economy improves next year.
This development has transformed the United States from the world's largest creditor nation, a position now held by Japan, to the world's largest debtor country.
At opening ceremonies Monday, Prime Minister Lynden Pindling of the Bahamas denounced the United States for what he called politically motivated intervention in certain countries.
That would have involved paying a premium for a company heavily dependent on one product and on a weak European market.
If the economy worsens, the government will lose legitimacy, making its battle against the resistance front that much harder.
The industry slump is hurting more than just stockbrokers, of course.
But if it is sluggish, you could find your capital being nibbled away.
They are besieged by the Syrians and allied forces.
The office said Lebanon would not ask for a council debate.
In fact, a lot of things are far from okay in the world of junk bonds, those corporate debt securities ranked below investment grade by credit rating services, such as Moody's.
Perhaps abortion shouldn't be used as a birth controller, but then, neither should Mr. Lawler, the state or the church.
In the document, rebel leaders reiterated earlier demands for political reforms and that the size of the military be reduced and its command structure purged of rightist officers.
Roberts will be part of the school's Public Affairs Reporting Program, which includes faculty-directed student news bureaus in Washington and Annapolis.
Voice of Lebanon, the radio station of the Christian Phalange party, said the nearness to the six-story embassy building suggested it was the target.
The major dolls will go on sale next month for $7.99 each.
The 1970 legislation creating the "independent" Postal Service called for an agency with the freedom of a public corporation to run its affairs in a businesslike manner and pay wages comparable to those in industry and the rest of government.
Taft's Entertainment Group consists of Worldvision Enterprises Inc., a distributor of television programs, and Taft Entertainment Co., which produces live-action and animated programs.
Some people were not born to live in a socialist system. Miguel is one of them.
A report by the Securities Industry Association, scheduled to be released today, says that the industry's national full-service firms, the largest seven brokers in the U.S., wracked up $678 million in pretax losses.
From my students I created an orchestra.
Paterson said he had been tentatively scheduled to leave for the Middle East on Sunday.
Stores were doing marketing individually instead of on a unified basis."
When the ratio narrows, the allure of bonds weakens because only a small gain in the stock market is needed to beat the return offered by bonds.
"I don't believe the valuation levels are justified," he says.
And Mr. Duke publicly expressed reservations about new Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas because he is married to a white woman.
He isn't worried that the shift toward Japanese business studies will end cultural studies.
Borge, a naturalized U.S. citizen who is still revered in his native land, was reported to be spending a quiet birthday at his vacation home in Christiansted, St. Croix, in the former Danish West Indies.
The grant of money to Tory party funds was confirmed to the Financial Times by a spokesman for Mr Fayed last week.
A senior Dutch banker said this week that "irresponsible" promises by Kohl to East Germans about the terms of monetary union have driven European interest rates to "absurdly" high levels.
No more so than in the President-elect's frontal assault on the leakers who threatened to undercut Mr. Bush's apparent choice as Chief of Staff.
Romania is Iran's second-largest trading partner in Eastern Europe.
The U.S. has a patchwork of privacy laws protecting such areas as video rentals and cable TV. But more-important subjects, such as medical and financial records, are still largely unregulated.
Primakov's record, however, is not untarnished.
But he said the outlook for 1989 is uncertain.
Wheelock said the cleaning revealed pink hues not previously seen in the painting, and an X-ray examination by gallery conservators showed that Rubens had painted over one figure in the lower right-hand corner of the scene.
When they trip the motion sensor, the camera takes a shot.
Shiseido Co., Japan's leading cosmetics maker, says its Australian and Singapore subsidiaries are recalling six skin care products containing an acid that one Australian researcher linked to skin cancer.
Now that mall-wandering has replaced cruising the strip as young America's favorite pastime, it seems the rules are changing.
It hardly mattered how efficiently it was run; companies could sell whatever they produced at whatever price they wanted to charge.
It has all the elements of a twangy tune at the Grand Ole Opry.
The FBI went to great lengths in 1987 to lure convicted hijacker Fawaz Younis to a yacht in international waters off Cyprus to arrest him for leading a 1985 hijacking of a Jordanian airliner carrying several U.S. citizens.
Does your policy cover you for skiing off-piste?
Thus, "insurance products are going to be more popular than ever," says Eli Warach, a tax specialist and attorney with Prentice-Hall Professional Information Group, a tax-book publisher.
We believe the real answer in both cases is "no," and there are numerous examples to reinforce our position.
The number of people with AIDS will grow dramatically as those who were infected throughout the 1980s fall sick.
With ideology playing a relatively small role in Canadian politics, voters' minds can change quickly and often. Observers point to recent experience in the province of Alberta.
Lawrence White, a Bank Board member, said the rule would discourage "gains trading," by which a thrift will book profits by selling the best securities in its portfolio without disclosing losses on the rest.
In late March, for example, when long-term Treasury bond yields stood at around 7.5% and few analysts were expecting significant increases, Mr. Levine boldly predicted rates would surge about three percentage points by year-end.
Dougherty ruled in June 1985 that the state had to fully fund programs mandated by the Legislature for people with chronic mental illness, and the order was affirmed in March 1989 by the Arizona Supreme Court.
They are staying with local families.
In this week's Spectator magazine, John Patten, the education secretary, complains that science has weakened faith and thus contributed to social malaise.
A spokeswoman for Northern States Power said the company asked the district court in Hennepin County, Minn., to resolve a contract-interpretation dispute between the two companies.
In 1939, Robert M. Hutchins, president of the University of Chicago, decreed that football was incompatible with the serious pursuit of higher education, and the U of C dropped the sport.
Late last month, OPEC increased its production ceiling to 20.5 million barrels a day for the fourth quarter.
Reimer said Monday there appears to be no outbreak of measles among the state's largest concentration of Amish in Lancaster County in southeastern Pennsylvania.
Even the sales tags that now adorn many items and the "buy one, get one free" signs across racks of merchandise don't seem to be enticing once-loyal customers.
It was a case of adapt or die, and the Catskills did a better job than areas like the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York, said Dan Lee, travel industry analyst for the investment firm Drexel Burnham.
Mirza Aslam Beg, chief of the Pakistani army, has announced that foreign military observers, including some from India, will be invited to watch the exercises.
Frustrated, Mr. Farah wrote angry letters to board members in March, insisting that they either oust the new management or step down themselves.
Forming an independent board is intended to reduce Freddie Mac's sensitivity to politics and increase its sensitivity to shareholders, who will elect 13 members.
Mr. Willson, however, said that Carrington is pursuing several other possible buyers of the unit.
Of 200 paralyzed guinea pigs implanted, 25 percent showed some movement, Borgens said.
Munford said the transaction is subject to approval by Munford shareholders at a meeting expected to be held in late summer and to other conditions, including the receipt of financing.
They also said a new airport would stimulate the city's economy.
Manuel Noriega, Panama's military leader, has been indicted on U.S. drug-trafficking charges.
Arts & Entertainment plans to continue showing the war documentaries, it says, until it gets signals that viewers are losing interest.
The combined Sunday edition will cost $1.25 statewide, up from $1.
It added that it is confident, under current market conditions, that it can arrange a syndicate of other banks to provide the balance of senior debt financing required for the bid.
He said in comments after his address that Washington should stop blocking loans by the Inter-American Development Bank to Nicaragua.
Bus drivers joined by parking their vehicles for an hour.
They asked their parents' help and sought media attention when they took the request before the school board.
He is much more popular in Congress."
Its provision for loan losses, particulary those from troubled Third World countries, rose 56 percent to $7.8 million from $5 million.
Working through the night under portable floodlights, they used dogs and sensitive microphones to hunt for victims.
But several OPEC countries, led by Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, are together pumping at least a million barrels a day above the cap, according to analysts.
But while Finance Minister Funaro has stressed that the government is committed to negotiation, it is equally committed to working without formal International Monetary Fund supervision of the economy.
One Friday last month he asked about redundancy and was told the pit wanted to lose 15 fitters; six had so far gone. He telephoned his wife, and then, on the spur of the moment, volunteered.
But FNN also will shoot specific videos for Dryden textbooks.
The companies' top goal is getting the union to agree to flexibility in how vehicles are built.
Army spokesmen have contended plastic bullets, which penetrate the body with less force than live ammunition, are not lethal unless fired from less than 20 yards' distance.
But to compensate the U.S. for the continued restrictions, Japan agreed to lower tariffs on 16 other food products, and to ease import restraints on peanuts, lentils and chickpeas over the same period.
Each warrant initially will represent $50 of currency and is expected to be priced between $3.25 and $3.75.
On the $1 coin, Geiger said the Susan B. Anthony dollar coin failed to become popular because it was not easily distinguished from the quarter and because it was introduced as an alternative to the paper dollar, rather than a replacement.
'They have a hot-cold relationship.
Robert LeBaube, IRS director of taxpayer services said last week that many elderly people are especially confused, mistakenly claiming extra personal exemptions for being over 65, or blind.
The prime minister of North Korea will visit South Korean President Roh Tae-woo next week in what is viewed as a first step toward mutual recognition by the rival nations.
Babbitt's campaign has put up some of its computers for sale back home in Phoenix.
In Michigan, as many as 1.3 million adults lack the skills needed to work in the new economy, he said.
Dolney was being held on $25,000 cash bond and Ms. Coulter on $10,000 bond pending a preliminary hearing Thursday.
BUSH WON the Illinois GOP primary, as Simon defeated his Democratic rivals.
Capital spending rose 8.6 percent in 1989, 8.9 percent in 1988 and 4.2 percent in 1987.
A rubber hose carries water from the street to a courtyard, where residents squat on a common brick floor in the open to wash their clothes, cooking utensils and themselves.
Major problems remain, however.
In addition, I propose the following further reforms to the budget process: (1) Joint budget resolution.
Personal lending and other financial services are becoming increasingly competitive - as the establishment of NatWest Life demonstrates.
"I never intended to perpetrate a ruse.
Pennington was uncertain what he'll use the money for, beyond helping his family, but said he would have more time to indulge his hobby of collecting antique toys.
Prosser blamed human error for the spill.
He added that she had been described her as "emotionally spent." Martin Bailey, a communications representative of the National Council of Churches who had met Ms. Casolo in Miamia, checked out of his hotel room early today.
"What we saw in 1988 was a tightening of the noose around the necks of some of the more heavily indebted farmers," explained Neil Harl, an Iowa State University economics professor.
We've got an emergency," said Perry Rivkind, district director of the Immigration and Naturalization Service.
Eddie Grant also is expected to receive a cash settlement that probably will be "in the six figures," said Phillip Wood.
It does not contain any proposals about shift-working or working hours.
Cache said that assuming the confirmation isn't appealed, Saul partners should complete the acquisition on or about next Monday.
That issue is the most likely to end up in court.
The Saudi royal family's custodianship of the holy shrines is its main source of legitimacy with the world's 1 billion Moslems.
The 82 survivors were taken to a prison camp, where they endured beatings and physical and psychological torture.
The contract also applies to 500 CWA employees not affected by the Saturday morning lockout.
Which is why people thought a miracle had happened when the new table-service law was passed (but before ink had dried on the fine print).
The majority of the trust's stock will be distributed to Santa Fe's shareholders in a spinoff scheduled to take place early next year.
He was publicly remembered, albeit justly, for managing restaurants.
The securities are being sold through a special-purpose vehicle created to sell asset-backed securities.
Diplomats in Rangoon say the government is highly unlikely to give in to such demands.
The lack of profit-sharing at GM at the same time that the corporation handed out millions of dollars in executive bonuses angered workers.
But world demand for copper remained strong, a function of the economic growth of industrialized nations.
They explained how the selling of assets could drive down and perhaps wipe out New York's deficit.
Dr. Louis Montour, medical director of the hospital, said a 15-year-old girl with a possible fractured hip and a 24-year-old man with a possible fractured knee were sent to Montreal General Hospital by ambulance.
It remains unclear to what extent the reduction of subsidies for fuel and rent will permit the reforms to take hold quickly.
"I call them king makers.
"That was the big part of the (dollar's) move," he said.
The year-long study by Hartford Seminary's Center for Social and Religious Research was prompted by growing concern over a clergy shortage.
Demographics help: as populations have grown older with improved medical care, the need for corrective lenses has increased steadily. He is also convinced the industry is set for further rationalisation.
The presence of Syria's 40,000 troops in Lebanon is the main issue that has threatened to undermine the talks.
President Reagan acknowledged today that he leaves office "without a hint or a clue" as to the whereabouts of Americans held hostage in Lebanon and said any overt rescue attempt could risk their execution.
The group, which surfaced in early June, mailed floppy disks containing some of the Macintosh's secret software code to an undetermined number of people, including a computer-industry analyst on Wall Street.
That increase brought the number of discouraged workers to its highest level since the end of 1988.
The new plant, which may be operational by mid-1990, initially would produce the Cray-3, a supercomputer still being developed.
Baghdad's souks are full of people selling the family silver - literally. The Iraqi dinar has become funny money - locals refer to it simply as 'paper'.
The attack came three days after a paratrooper was killed in the West Bank city of Nablus when a large concrete block was dropped on his head.
Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., the chief Senate sponsor, said he and White House officials bargained for weeks over the definition of business necessity but could never fully cement an agreement.
Some countries, including Russia and Nigeria, have yet to be assessed.
Dell pioneered mail order sales and has enjoyed explosive growth even as larger competitors stalled.
'The difference in prices is outrageous.
Kealey said the research also could lead to a more effective depilatory for removing unwanted hair.
One tool they use is a continuous tracking study that calls for a thousand consumer interviews each month.
Shultz's trip is aimed at giving Central American leaders forceful assurances of U.S. support and at seeking common approaches for dealing with Nicaragua.
In addition to the cash bid, the winning consortium has to pay 2 per cent of qualifying revenue for the first three years and 8 per cent for the remaining seven years. Oracle Teletext came second with a bid of Pounds 6.676m.
Therefore, all dogs kick over their water bowls."
Hisham Nazer, the oil minister of Saudi Arabia, said on Monday in Vienna there was "unanimous recognition in OPEC" that OPEC alone cannot keep supplies low enough to prevent prices from lagging.
In 1990, back in Chechnya, he took part in the republic's national congress and so impressed its members that he was elected leader. The failed August coup of 1991 gave Gen Dudayev his opportunity to break away from Russia.
The Caribbean Basin Initiative, an administration program enacted by Congress during Reagan's first term, is a system of economic aid to countries of the region through trade preferences and other forms of assistance.
First there was the smart house, then the smart car.
"They were not battalions and they have no dignity," Endara said in a hospital interview as supporters held up his bloodied guayabera, a short- sleeved, smock-type shirt favored by many Latins.
The alternative is to increase treatment of that already collected and not extend collection services,' he explains. 'The problem is that resources are always scarce and environmental demands are always limitless.
'We haven't had to look for business,' says Shepherd.
And if not, have they found anything else to embrace instead?' says one analyst. The market has already come through a period of rapid development.
Byrd, D-W.Va., delivering his party's weekly radio address, said the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty leaves nagging questions.
Fiat fixed L30 lower at L5,670 but firmed to L5,790 on the kerb while Generali fixed L410 higher at L33,700 and rose to L34,475 after-hours.
To a degree, Quantum represents the new times that have arrived for producers of the so-called commodity plastics that pervade modern life.
In addition, employers are not required to contribute to the funds for woerkers on an unauthorized strike.
The merger involved permanent financing of $1.33 billion.
But none has been violent; almost all the strikes have been legal in the government's eyes, so the police stay away.
That is equivalent to 15 cents on pre-split shares, a 50% increase from the 10-cent quarterly declared May 3.
"It'll be close to that.
"We're optimistic we will get a settlement without a strike," the spokesman said.
The very bulk and tone of the 690-page report mirror the complexity and bitterness of the controversy the committees began investigating 10 months ago.
Candidates were required to win 50 percent of the vote.
The younger son's wife, a salaried employee at Boeing, remains on the job.
Manufacturing of products such as blenders and hair clippers will be consolidated at other Oster facilities in Tennessee.
Politburo member Vasil Bilak, head of the Communist Party in 1968, lost his post and was denounced as a Soviet collaborator after the invasion.
Democratic former Virginia Gov. Charles Robb appeared poised to claim a formerly Republican seat, and Rep. James Jeffords, R-Vt., was likely to enter the Senate from his state.
It followed unconfirmed reports of soldiers fighting soldiers in the western and southeastern parts of the city.
There has been wide speculation that if a presidency is established, the post would be filled by Communist Party First Secretary Gen.
Inflation in the Netherlands slowed to 0.2% in 1986 from 2.3% a year earlier, the Dutch Economics Ministry said.
And where Reagan pushed a military buildup, there now is a proposal _ by the secretary of defense _ to cut military spending by $180 billion over three years.
Purchases of non-durable goods, meanwhile, rose 0.4 percent, and spending on services advanced 0.5 percent.
The company completed the sale of its business periodicals, trade shows and school supply distribution companies for $334 million and of two television station for $10.8 million in the quarter.
The breach-of-contract theory was being used by plaintiffs elsewhere to avoid the constitutional obstacles that stand in the way of winning privacy and libel suits, said Dick Winfield, an attorney for the AP.
Harland's pension scheme also has an investment of Pounds 500,000 in the service. He said PI was now 'making progress', despite a warning in February that delays and start-up costs would reduce profits due to Harland by Pounds 3m.
Two films this week, Ron Howard's Far And Away and Jim Jarmusch's Night On Earth, skim their plots or characters around the globe as if the friction of reality had never existed. In most other respects the two films are perfect opposites.
Snow fell across northern Florida from Panhandle beaches to Jacksonville but melted as soon as it hit the ground.
But he's also a very sensitive person and I know that for him this has been an ordeal because his work is his life," Mrs. Sutherland said.
David Redden, Sotheby's senior vice president in charge of collectibles, books, manuscripts and coins, said he initially had some concerns about "what the attitude around the company would be" about selling baseball cards.
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.
The company source said the decision to send the tankers to Kuwait reflected a belief by U.S. and Kuwaiti officials that the minefield was clear and the missile threat was not serious enough to warrant further delays.
Don't lie about your looks or move too fast for the guy.
This can help build confidence to overcome our trade fights with Japan and Europe and lay a much needed foundation for the new U.S. role in shared management of the world economy.
But don't blame the operator.
Although she is the product of the most liberal of Western schooling, Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto still covers her head in public and never shakes hands with men _ in keeping with Islamic fundamentalism.
James A. Toney, a vice president, sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28.
It was isolated by several miles from the city centre with no rail service and poor road connections.
The others may have missed what drug treatment professionals call the "treatable moment."
In a 1973 ruling, the Supreme Court said that a three-part test should be used in determining whether something is obscene.
His target range for the dollar against the Japanese currency runs between 128 and 135 yen.
Smaller spills were reported off the south coast, where most tourists stay.
South Koreans are living longer and having fewer children than ever before and by the year 2020 the country's population growth will be zero, officials said today.
Rising mortgage interest rates have cut into home buying and when home sales drop, analysts say fewer home furnishings are sold.
"If I'd have had to kick it (addiction) in the streets, I'd have been dead for sure," Warnke said.
As part of the cost-cutting, Du Pont Engineering said it will eliminate "lower-priority work," as well as shift production engineering and design to outside contractors.
The tape describes plans by dealers to distribute illicit drugs in at least three counties, Golden said.
Gross investment actually has been quite strong for the past five years, but bigger depreciation allowances keep net investment relatively low.
"I think schools are beginning to pay attention to what's going on out there in terms of application declines and public pressure about prices," said Arthur Hauptman, a college consultant who specializes in educational finance.
To buy these instruments, a central bank prints money, thus increasing the money supply.
The probe was closed in June 1985 after the Justice Department concluded the group was involved in political activities protected by the First Amendment and not involved in terrorism.
The tightened standards at First Chicago apply to any securities firm with junk bonds in its inventory, though it isn't likely that any would be nearly as affected as Drexel.
No doubt the answer is long and complex and contains structural elements.
Other crudes said to be involved in the formula are Alaskan North Slope and a Dubai crude.
So instead of being clobbered, IBM inched ahead 1/2 point by week's end to 100 3/8.
Whitehall is half owned by members of the de Gunzburg branch of the Bronfman family of Canada, heirs to the Seagram Ltd. distilling fortune, and half by the Moross family of London, which has extensive financial services interests.
"Justice is justice, whether it's between a man and a woman or a guy and his dog." Raitt concludes "Nick of Time" with an original song, "The Road's My Middle Name," a bluesy stomp that reaffirms her dedication to music.
President Bush said today that he and his wife Barbara were looking forward to sharing Thanksgiving with troops he has sent to the Persian Gulf.
His business background "distinguishes me as a person who had vision, who's worked very, very hard (and) who's been able to attract and motivate highly capable people," he said.
"I thought they would be more innovative and come up with their own products," Giordano said.
In testimony, the prosecution called FBI agent Robert Reich to explain a large chart that outlined the flow of funds from the Philippines for the purchase of an office building at 200 Madison.
It is, to quote Mr. Rourke: "Will they keep eating fresh seafood or switch because it's too expensive?
About 60% of companies surveyed, according to the Conference Board study, already have at least an 11-week leave program for mothers of newborns.
"We are here to defend the right and defend the peace.
Bilak, 71, is a party ideologist linked to the late Soviet leader Leonid I. Brezhnev and was believed to oppose economic reforms favored by Lubomir Strougal, the premier who resigned in October.
U.S. OBJECTIONS to a Central American peace plan make progress unlikely.
Toronto _ President Bush meets with Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and attends a Bluejays baseball game.
Would that Mr. Gould's minute descriptions of these creatures was always so colorful.
Aside from the mainly transshipment traffic through Singapore, Malaysia is Britain's biggest export market in the South-East Asia region. Britain's exports to Malaysia have nearly trebled in value in the last five years, reaching Pounds 636m last year.
The Radical Liberal Party, whose candidate was Sen. Luis Maria Vega, received 78,141 votes, or 7 percent.
Officials declined to give details of the new technology, citing patent considerations.
First-quarter sales rose 40%, to $957 million from $682.8 million.
The Yard, headquarters of the metropolitan police, said the incident occurred Sunday morning.
Networks are becoming increasingly complex and need advanced software to control and manage them. The increased complexity is the result of broader scope of modern networking.
Manila Mayor Gemiliano Lopez, who inspected the site Tuesday, said the dig was about 17 feet deep.
"This is in order to have quick decisions and get more ideas, more energetic work from the staff," said Akikazu Kida, a Toyota spokesman in New York.
The white ground is exploited as highlight.
"Any request (by the economic commission) for new taxes or tax increases or a raid on the Social Security system would be bounced back immediately with the stamp `Return to Sender.'
Fully diluted earnings per share were 3.4p.
Hanoi's authorities say they would like to pull out all their troops by 1990, but only if they can leave behind a vassal state.
Mikhail Gorbachev has focused much attention on the need for Soviet industrial reforms.
Because the test car had the optional High Capacity Actively Controlled Steering, the Q45 also barely showed any body roll, or yaw in sudden lane changes and side moves.
Voters are more closely divided on a capital-gains cut and reject by 2-to-1 a cut in the corporate income-tax rate.
Inkatha accuses the ANC of trying to monopolize power among black opposition groups as the country moves toward negotiations on a new constitution.
The auditor cited "uncertainties regarding the ultimate loss to be incurred in connection with the closing" of the Long Island plant.
In recent weeks, however, there have been signs of renewed inflation.
This time, the federal government is suggesting that the mega-developer show the city how to fix the closed-down Williamsburg Bridge.
Resistance fighters killed him in April 1945.
Last time profits were reduced by a Pounds 1.02m provision relating to residential development sites.
Prosecutors have said their current case does not depend on any evidence that might be uncovered during the investigation of the site.
When it once again seems appropriate, forcefully pump your arm outward again.
A gunman killed a prominent civil rights lawyer in front of his office on Wednesday, Italian news media reported.
It wasn't until 1971 that a Soviet doctor's oath was legislated, but it obligates the physician to submit to the state's interest first and the patient's only secondarily.
Lebanese militiamen of Druse warlord Walid Jumblatt blocked roads and fired automatic rifles in the air to keep reporters and photographers from stricken targets.
He did say that people both inside the administration and outside the government were inundating the White House with advice on whether Reagan should sign the bill.
Excluding the charges, profit was $133.1 million, or $1.16 a share.
But a new Senate would be created to which elections would be democratic.
The latest of those, conducted by Gallup for the Boston Globe, radio station WEEI and television station WCVB in Boston, found 52 percent support for Dukakis and 38 percent for Bush.
Sell orders poured into the Cotton Exchange, sending some contracts down the limit in the morning.
Other precious metals stocks were mixed as gold prices eased and silver and platinum prices rose slightly.
Mr. Shannon has been a broker, and being found guilty by the Merc of cheating customers may keep brokerage firms from dealing with him in the future.
The remaining 41 were confirmed as living patients of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Over the last few years it has generated very strong growth in Australia while the economy has been flat on its back.
A Salomon official, after a few expletives, says the offer was more like triple the trader's previous pay.
"Both recognize more than ever before the relationship between economic strength and national security."
"Syria asserts that the presence of President Mubarak at the summit is a positive development," Kourieh said.
"It's a myth to think that the public out there is just livid at the thought of a revenue component of a deficit reduction plan, that's a total mistake," says GOP analyst Kevin Phillips.
A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said privately that Garcia-Pena, Colombia's consul in Miami for 18 years until 1988, disappeared Friday but the ministry had not heard from kidnappers.
As a result, more than 80% of M2 is not subject to reserve requirements and therefore is not directly controllable by the Fed.
Mrs. Lawrence was one of the leaders of the creative revolution of the 1960s.
Yes, though the gap has narrowed.
"I've absolutely given up hope that the company itself will improve its margins significantly without some stimulus from the outside," said Andrew Wallach, an analyst with PaineWebber.
John Green, md of the ANGLIAN WATER subsidiary Engineering and Business Systems, has been appointed to the main board.
Sen. Paul Trible (R., Va.), a member of the Senate investigating committee, puts it more bluntly: "There's certainly evidence of clear wrongdoing, criminal wrongdoing."
The play is a 35-minute monologue by a cardinal who is being treated for alcoholism by the church after he kills the woman.
Mr. Khosla, 35, co-founded two sizable high-tech companies before turning 30; one was Sun Microsystems Inc., now the world's largest maker of computer workstations.
Democratic gubernatorial candidate John R. Silber sparked protests from Jewish organizations after saying he encountered racism among Jews when he once considered converting.
The descriptions go on as, one by one, she throws her costumes to the floor.
Mrs. Johnson got to salvage what was left of her reputation in peace.
The latest offer for the Atlanta company comes about six weeks after Georgia Gulf officials met with NL's Martin to discuss a possible merger.
"In the course of my talks with the representatives of both governments, I suggested ways to move the talks forward within the framework of Resolution 598 in order to achieve a comprehensive and lasting peace in the region," he said.
The European Security Forum is evidence of the weight that blue chip companies attach to data security.
You learn from your mistakes, not throw away the business."
"They were totally uncomprehending that we should want to get rid of a nuclear system without getting elimination of nuclear weapons on other sides too _ without getting anything for it in return," he said.
ICI doesn't support continuing international efforts to reduce production of ozone-destroying chemicals, Mr. Henderson said.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Graphic closed at $4.375, down 12.5 cents.
The rebel officers requested that the U.S. deploy a helicopter to the headquarters to take Gen.
If you cause an accident with a car, or hit a pedestrian, they could sue you for damages. Most cycle insurance policies cover legal liability, but personal accident cover (for any injuries you suffer) is usually extra. Security is a consideration.
And that changes politics." EDITOR'S NOTE _ Bill Huggins, born in London, is a photographer and picture editor who retired from The Associated Press earlier this year.
The current poll of 403 blacks was conducted between March 30 and April 2 and had a margin of error of plus or minus 5 percentage points.
U.S. District Judge Gerhard Gesell made the comment at a hearing where the government argued that North's subpoenas served last month for the testimony of Bush and Reagan should be quashed.
When pressed, some analysts estimate the offers fall roughly in between $15 to $16 a share, or a total of about $248 million to $264 million.
"The intent was to reasure," Mr. Griggs says.
He is charged with selling the cocaine to an undercover police officer.
Neither is all that special.
"You should not ask the National Assembly to do it, because time is too short.
The VOA is a major source of information for millions of Chinese seeking information other than news reported by the tightly controlled domestic press.
"It was just like tinfoil," said Chris Nicholson, who developed and piloted the small video robot attached by cable to the mother ship.
Wildfires were slowed Tuesday by lower temperatures and diminished winds after burning more than 7,300 acres and an exotic animal refuge and ancient Sequoia trees were put out of immediate danger.
But until now the New York group and other buyers clubs have only imported drugs that do nt require a prescription in the foreign country.
'She probably cried rape because the geezer didn't please her'.
But a spokeswoman for Mohawk's parent, Danaher Corp., says that while "overtures have been made from time to time," talk of a sale is "pure speculation."
It said the board expects to review again the status of merger talks and a spinoff of Penn in about two weeks.
AST, based in Irvine, Calif., was expected to do well in the quarter, but its earnings exceeded analysts' estimates of 46 cents to 47 cents.
To support his argument, Barshop cited Miss Brando's recent departure for Tahiti, where she remains.
The move, after hearings on some Drexel operations, is the first time the firm has acknowledged some of its practices may be questionable.
He said he had seen no details of the plan but that based on NBC officials' description, "I think it's terrific."
Goldman Sachs and Fiat officials had no comment.
Israel's Antiquities Authority on Monday dismissed a Harvard scholar as chief editor of the Dead Sea Scrolls, citing health problems.
The disposition of Warner's shares in BHC, Chris-Craft's principal broadcasting subsidiary, was one of the principal issues in a lawsuit Chris-Craft filed against Warner in Delaware chancery court.
When the agency was created in 1961, East bloc countries were asked whether volunteers would be welcome.
About 10 Army staffers oversee the arsenal, housed in 72 buildings, but the rest of the 2,350 workers are civilians.
He resigned from USAir on June 26, and so did W. Howard Mackinnon, Piedmont's chief financial officer, and Richard L. James, the vice president of planning.
"I don't want to know who is sleeping with whom or who is getting a divorce.
Resentment of the United States has been growing for years in Honduras.
It sometimes seems as if Americans are marrying earlier and more often.
Mortgage-Backed Securities At a time when derivative mortgage securities are becoming increasingly complex, Ryland Acceptanc Corp. proved that a simple structure can generate strong investor demand.
The suggested amounts again varied widely with the assumptions made.
In the first place, Americans should make their experience in race relations more readily available to South Africa.
They meet in groups to grieve, they call each other at 3 a.m. to sob, they savor a unique joy with the coming of new mornings, the sight of sunsets.
Some councils complained that the brokers should have warned them about the risks of leaving their cash with BCCI. While investigating those claims, the MPs called for compulsory taping to help prevent disputes about the terms on which deals are done.
The conclusion is based on Goodwin's observations as well as discussions about Johnson the author had at the time with a psychiatrist.
The U.S. dollar%&fll slightly in early trading against the Japanese yen Tuesday, while share prices on the To;yS Stock Exchange lost marginally.
Wolf's entry _ garden rice-stuffed chicken breasts _ was in the frozen-vegetables category.
Investigators issued a new set of subpoenas to government bond dealers as part of the SEC's probe of violations at Treasury debt auctions.
GM declined to say which of the company's 100 plants in North America would be affected.
The new rates still fail to cover the city's costs to run the public transit and parks systems, the Beijing Evening News said. But it did not indicate whether further increases were likely soon.
The General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, in its annual review of 108 member countries, said merchandise trade growth slowed to about 3% last year from a 5% increase in 1990, marking the third consecutive year of retarded expansion.
When the Arizona Senate opens Gov. Evan Mecham's impeachment trial Monday, it will embark on a course laid out in England as a way to remove cruel kings and brought to America in Colonial days as a way to protect democracy.
The Soviet Embassy in France denied similar reports from French media on Wednesday, Tass reported.
Another of his more notable roles was that of Dr. Dolittle, who talked with the animals and taught them to speak back in the 1967 movie named for his character.
This followed the 1987 crash and differences of views on how the company should be run in a new investment climate.
Miss Pennsylvania performed a ventriloquist act with a green cockatoo puppet named Oscar.
"We thought people would be mature enough to accept it."
"The situation has gone from god-awful to pretty terrible," observes Alan Jones, a spokesman for the state Department of Water Resources.
Mr. Bilzerian later made another bid of $17 in cash plus $4 in preferred, after signing a standstill agreement in exchange for a look at non-public company information.
But Oppenheimer's Mr. McAlpine sees clouds ahead.
The great majority of Bosnian Serbs had boycotted the referendum on independence.
As previously reported, the acquisition requires Dome's creditors to forgive 1.16 billion Canadian dollars ($864.5 million) of Dome's total debt of 6.3 billion dollars.
Mr. Reso, a native of New Orleans, worked his way through a variety of engineering and planning jobs, held positions in Australia, and returned to the U.S.
Mutual funds have reason to shop among small stocks, says Charles Clough, investment strategist for Merrill Lynch.
Company officials in Joplin and at the Cincinnati, Ohio, office of Eagle-Picher would not comment on EPA's proposed action or whether the company will seek a hearing to contest it.
The 8-pound, 9-ounce baby, Alexandra Lawford Pender, is the 14th great-grandchild of matriarch Rose Kennedy.
The stakes are high for corporations incorporated in Delaware.
At issue was a Feb. 9-10 meeting of the 12-member Federal Open Market Committee, or FOMC.
During the past week, police received anonymous tips that "buyers were being solicited abroad," Wilting said. "We got hard evidence of that early this week, and that's when we decided to act."
The appeals court said the evidence was clear that the two men were fired because of their political affiliation.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey got a mixed reception for its $100 million revenue bond issue sold yesterday.
The results represent a big change from last year, when the company posted heavy losses, stemming from inventory problems and runaway expenses.
Practically the whole country joined in peaceful demonstrations against the dictatorship.
All figures are provisional and aren't seasonally adjusted.
Some job losses among blacks also resulted. Trade sanctions were probably less effective: merchandise exports held up remarkably well during the sanctions era.
"I regard happy babies to be a bargain," she says.
The script, adapted from Dave Stevens's graphic novel by Danny Bilson and Paul De Meo, is drearily earnest, without a single original wrinkle in the timeless battle of good against evil.
Mrs. Whatley said her husband, an oil foreman held since the invasion, hoped to hurry home to visit his critically ill father.
In the world of architectural conservation there are, at the moment, a large number of small but important buildings that are in considerable danger.
Every few miles along potholed roads, Indian soldiers man sandbagged checkpoints where they halt travelers who come on foot, on bicycles and jammed into minibuses.
Idomeneus loses his reason, slays his son, tries to kill himself but is prevented.
If they do come on stream, it adds, there will not be enough gas to supply them long-term.
She emphasised her experience and said she could offer 'continuity and stability'. 'People don't have to guess what kind of leader I can be - they can see,' she said.
In sentencing them, Logan District Judge Dale L. Prince ordered them to apologize to the congregation or face contempt of court, with a possible year in jail and $500 fine.
But why trainspotting? 'There is infinite variety in the railway scene.
Saatchi isn't included in the rankings, which look only at its individual ad agency units.
The songs I included from it I think are three of my best songs.
No one was reported injured, but two Foreign Ministry officials went to Okinawa last month to talk with U.S. generals and inspect firing ranges.
"I was apprehensive," says the former University of Minnesota professor, "especially the day after Black Monday when the biotechnology stocks took a hit.
It is better, I think, to keep the portfolios smaller than that.
Cahouet also named four new vice chairmen and a new chief financial officer in a reorganization of Mellon's office of the chairman.
An independent television station being launched by a local cable operator could signal the opening of a new battleground between cable and free television.
Anything less would jeopardize not only our security _ and that of our friends and allies _ but also would dim the prospects for further negotiated agreements with our adversaries.
Or would he compare them with, "say, Mexicans who cross the U.S. border for work?"
But the SS-25 is under no INF restriction.
In his farewell address to the nation Saturday, he alluded to the current criticism of that 21-year era, allowing that some "bad things" had occurred but sticking fast to his lifelong belief in the Socialist creed.
"The average person figures I'm a normal guy, not a shyster lawyer or a cunning CPA.
If we don't do that, our chance to have influenced decisions will be much smaller," Walesa said.
The merchandise trade deficit totaled a record $148.5 billion in 1985 and is estimated at around $170 billion last year.
That seems to assume that the resulting higher payroll costs would not eliminate jobs.
Some things don't change, says a Hutton survivor: When the market is rocky, "it hurts at Hutton, it hurts at Shearson."
There, Mr. Sigoloff first negotiated with edgy vendors to get near-empty store shelves filled again.
Scientists are trying to understand just what triggers a latent virus to start reproducing itself, in hopes of finding ways to keep it dormant.
It will be the fuel needed to drive stock prices from here, they say.
The results so far?
The organizations seeking the transcripts were The Miami Herald, the Associated Press, Post-Newsweek station WPLG-TV of Miami and Gannett Co. and its USA Today.
That compared with a loss of $350,999, or seven cents a share, on revenue of $13.7 million in the year-earlier period.
Other analysts took a dimmer view.
We created the context for Roe to happen." Ms. Michelman urged the women to speak out and create a renewed climate of activism for the pro-abortion movement.
"If nobody is talking to anybody in this region, we'll never accomplish anything," says Mr. Norman.
"No agreements, arrangements or undertakings concerning the terms or conditions of such transaction have been reached, and there can be no assurance that any agreement will be consummated," the company said.
This battalion was engaged at Khafji on the Saudi-Kuwaiti border, and took some casualties.
What will Mr Louis-Dreyfus do if BSBW in the US fails again this year, or if the incipient CME-KHBB network fails to gel?
Mr. Abusada argues that splitting the package of measures into two parts, one in March and the other four months later, fueled inflationary expectations and created "the worst of both worlds" for the government.
The $1 fine would replace the normal penalties for assault or aggravated assault.
The company is plagued by financial and regulatory problems at the Seabrook, N.H., nuclear plant, in which it owns a 35.6% stake.
Griffin will own the existing Resorts International Hotel Casino, the balance of the company's real estate in Atlantic City, its casino properties in the Bahamas and other corporate assets.
A Continental spokesman says the airline planned to open the terminal in phases, so passengers could begin using it sooner.
More worrisome for competing cards is evidence that AT&T card holders are canceling or not using other credit cards.
She defines the state as 'confusion that arises when you can no longer make sense of your circumstances'.
The damage is widespread, nevertheless.
No other society in history has done as much to advance a repressed racial minority.
Oracle Corp. said it expects to report record net income of $7.8 million, or 24 cents a share, for the fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31.
The challenge here is obvious: If the public is going to pay its officials more money, how does it make sure that it gets its money's worth?
Like his other books, "American Psycho" is utterly unredeemed by moral sensibility or critical distance.
Purser said the money private landowners, businesses and the city have invested in such neighborhoods as Five Points could be jeopardized by the murals.
Public Service Co. that was also a prerequisite for the modernization plan.
But the issue didn't take.
"I never said anything about lesbians.
There were indications that the drought-induced slaughter of 1991 could lead to reduced production this year. The report says significant cost savings of about 30 per cent were made during the year on freight costs to North America.
The new constitution, passed by parliament earlier this year, eliminates the post of president-for-life and says presidential candidates must be at least 40 years of age and no older than 70.
The new phone is the result of two years of development work by AT&T units, including Bell Laboratories and Compression Labs Inc., which makes the video-compression electronics.
Revenues were Dollars 3.31bn, compared with Dollars 3.2bn. Income from the group's document-processing business was Dollars 113m, up 3 per cent from the previous year.
An estimated 1,400 people are still sheltered at the Nigerian Embassy, next to the West German compound.
"However, the cornerstone of the U.S. arms sales policy has always been to examine first and foremost the strategic and moral implications of military sales," Reich said.
The subject of campaign finance has become a debating point between Dukakis and a Democratic rival, Rep. Richard Gephardt of Missouri.
Franz Josef II, Prince of Liechtenstein, died Monday after a long illness at age 83.
But a top executive at one of the firms, asking not to be named, said he was convinced a final agreement will be reached.
Stock options give the right to purchase a share of stock in the future at a price fixed today.
An attorney for Mr. Weinstein stressed that his client wasn't charged in the stock-manipulation scheme.
Thatcher has spoken out publicly about the need for restraint.
It didn't occur to me that one was supposed to speak.
Chairman Steven Rothmeier declined to comment, joking that he could go to jail for spilling insider information.
It was unclear what sort of assistance the economically ailing Soviet Union might be willing to lend.
Seas, as the Marines learned during recent exercises along the gulf coast, can experience waves up to 15 feet.
Munni Setty says she ran into difficulty when she sought a license to practice in Colorado in 1988.
But critics have accused him of not always following through on his initiatives.
"It is now time for the LeBow team to take over the helm."
"This is a small but crucial step to treating a whole array of genetic diseases," said Dr. R. Michael Blaese, another cancer institute researcher on the project.
Afternoon trading was especially quiet in New York as many operations shut down early because of a snowstorm.
He said priority is being given to environmentally sensitive areas such as Prall's Island and Saw Mill Creek.
The plan, which needs U.N. approval, calls for up to 100 military observers to monitor Central American border areas in speedboats, helicopters and all-terrain vehicles.
He claimed that some of the hostages were spies for the CIA, specifically naming Terry Waite, the British envoy of the archbishop of Canterbury who disappeared in West Beirut in January 1987.
The core volunteers are aided by pueblo residents old and young, who gather when they can at the adobe-making site a mile away from the church to help with anything from loading materials to cooking.
Great as it is, "Do You Love Me?" doesn't rescue the "Dirty Dancing" soundtrack albums from the contempt of all prudent consumers.
Centex Real Estate Corp., a unit of Centex Corp., Dallas, for example, said it built 10% fewer homes during June than what it considered a healthy rate for this time of the year.
Soviet businessmen operating in Finland have said they have access to technology that is denied them in the Soviet Union by Western export limitations.
It said two pilots at the scene were arrested.
The country's property sector would then resemble more the sluggish markets in the US and UK, and less the fast-growing high margin one the Reichmanns take Mexico to be.
We will do what we can to give political and material support to the population in northern and southern Iraq while the regime continues its repression.
But the self-reliant Mrs. McMehen retains her good humor.
And yet, this man, the governor, equated the president to a rotting fish.
I mean, no one says trunks anymore." Bobby Shriver, 36, venture capitalist and Special Olympics producer, New York: "I remember once I was out walking with my grandmother.
Australia, New Zealand and the United Kingdom are major suppliers.
And of course, the Justice Department job, like the Iraqi pipeline Mr. Wallach also once advocated, never materialized.
At any rate, the cease-fire talks tally the first triumph of common sense and human decency since the war began.
"Within two or three days, his face will change," he says.
But Ms. Ingram argued that "Ruby Lewis did not perceive the plaintiff as having different skin color from she." She said the issue was Ms. Morrow's job performance.
NBA said the syndicate would control nearly 63% of the bank's voting shares.
Time Inc. said second-quarter net income gained 7.7%, helped by strong performances from cable television and book operations and by lower taxes.
But a lot of people here think he was just trying to help the poor," he said.
Mr. Stepanek was until recently resident director of an American multinational in Beijing.
Recon's Mr. Whyte declined to comment for this article. Israeli officials refuse to comment, except to defend the integrity of their RIS program and to insist that theft isn't the Israeli way.
Each preferred share would have an initial annual dividend of $1 per share, Buckeye said.
Both General Motors Corp. and Chrysler have made union approval of three-shift production a major objective of their current national contract negotiations with the UAW.
That's a long winning streak by any standard.
NII's owns FoxMeyer Drug, the nation's third-largest drug distributor.
People gathered around the televisions in an electronics shop at a shopping mall to watch Wright's hourlong nationally broadcast speech.
It is haunting this party.
An advantage to such an approach is flexibility.
He has called for ending the apartheid system of racial segregation and for holding talks on allowing the black majority an equal political role with whites.
Phinda gets bricks over a third cheaper than from commercial suppliers. Not far from Mazibuko's brickworks, Thomas Nkomo - another reformed poacher -makes charcoal according to a traditional African method.
In Tehran, the Iranian cabinet held a meeting to discuss strategy for what President Khamenei called "new movement" in the Persian Gulf war.
The ministry official said both men told Japanese officials they did not want to return to East Germany.
Perez de Cuellar's pessimistic comments follow his effort at personal mediation in the Persian Gulf crisis.
The brewing and leisure sectors have similar property portfolios, yet the full significance of the change does not yet appear to have sunk in.
Props such as bookcases and stairs pop up out of the tables.
Walsh had pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counts.
He noted that the tribunal decided that the United States was not obligated to return the property but to pay its value as of March 1981.
Nevertheless, Mr. Hahn attacked the mayor's conduct.
Grain and soybean futures closed higher Friday on the Chicago Board of Trade with soybeans up sharply on fears of continued dry weather.
True, its share in world exports fell sharply between independence and the mid-1970s, but it has stabilised at about half a per cent since then.
Much of the buying apparently was based on indications of increased global demand for grain and soybeans, particularly by the Soviet Union.
The bid was trimmed by 3p to 777p. Smith & Nephew was slightly easier at 136p despite its defensive qualities. Nomura reduced its 1992 forecast by Pounds 5m to Pounds 145m, principally to reflect a weaker dollar.
The regime is opposed by hardline guerrillas based in neighbouring Pakistan. Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said most hurdles in the Afghan peace process had been removed. A majority of the guerrilla groups were backing the UN plan, he added.
In other action, the court: _Agreed to decide in a Minnesota case whether governors may withhold National Guard troops the federal government wants to send on training missions in foreign countries.
Pendleton said James worked "with several other Newark politicians" in pressuring Rodino to retire.
No longer reports sales results; merged with Campeau Corp.
Industry analysts said almost all high-technology companies require employees to sign anti-disclosure agreements and many have restrictive "not to compete" clauses, though they are seldom the subject of lawsuits.
The civil defense commander, Maj. Gen.
Stokes said agreement would be needed in order to secure the $500 million needed for the project.
At Port Mobil and at the high-volume Gulf stations along the Maine Turnpike, where prices were a few pennies lower, motorists had no difficulty seizing on a villain.
And this can be achieved if we Panamanians keep our funds in banks in Panama," it said.
Leaders of two opposition parties demanded on Tuesday that President Mobutu Sese Seko resign and make way for the introduction of a multiparty democracy.
She hopes to establish Sisters of Charity missions in Maputo, the capital, and the northern province of Nampula, AIM reported.
Traders said signs of weakness in the West German economy are creating speculation of a German discount-rate cut sometime today.
In 1540, King Henry VIII of England married his fourth wife, Anne of Cleves.
A spokesman for the Banking Commission said its concerns have been passed on to the public prosecutor in Antwerp, where Super Club is based.
The underlying hope is that market prices will somehow reach the inflated payment price.
All these industries were sceptical and said they wouldn't use the contracts, but today they are involved in futures for hedging. Mr Sandor said: 'It is unambiguously incorrect to view this market differently than other markets.'
The firm, which is handling several friendly acquisitions, has gained its first "victory" in a contested takeover.
Massive corporate cutbacks in recent years have pitted managers in their 20s against "older, more experienced people who now are willing to take entry-level jobs," she notes.
It's very cold and the snow and fog are making it even more difficult,' he said.
In recent trade talks, the U.S. government demanded that Japan change aspects of its economy to help reduce its $49 billion trade surplus.
Traders said the company's strong earnings outlook and lower price-earnings ratio attracted investors.
"Then, they go back to their offices in the Ginza and make sketches," says Hiromichi Nakamura, the head of product development.
Secosky, 42, is interested in why Jupter's moon Io sometimes appears brighter as it emerges from the planet's frigid shadow.
I've got some magic tricks and I throw out cheap novelties to the crowd." He also juggles bowling pins. "Four is the most I can do, and three is plenty." Fred Young often plays drums shirtless, borrowing the idea from other drummers he's seen.
The current Braniff is legally a different entity from the past two Braniffs.
The black-tie event is to benefit a Planned Parenthood fund to honor Miss Hepburn's mother, Katharine Houghton Hepburn.
Mrs. Hemidal said "something big is going to happen in two or three days _ things will be handled," but she would not explain what she meant.
Our hearts quicken to the call, our eyes brighten, our pace picks up," he said.
Eventually, he said a uniform progressive tax rate should be developed for those who work in cooperatives and those who for state-run enterprises.
Banks resorted to paying their largest depositors a 600 percent annual rate to retain funds that otherwise might be withdrawn and converted to U.S. dollars.
But if the Pernod acceptances are valid, Irish Distillers shareholders won't be able to sell to Grand Met at the higher price.
But it is easy to find this kind of fault.
The western aid effort for Russia has been a debacle.
Fermi, as he had so often in this long pursuit of the atom's secret, foreshadowed what was to come while the doings of Szilard and Einstein and Sachs in the year 1939 were still only question marks.
The show has been jazzed up in recent months with new graphics and backdrops, but it is still dry and focuses on agricultural reports and Politburo announcements.
Hillman and McGuinn are nominated for country event of the year, for a performance at Red Rocks in Colorado.
"We believe we have a valid contract with the government," said Bluebonnet President R. Brad Oates.
"It was no major thing, no big explosion, just some rounds popping off," said Sgt. Joe Lentini.
Project 10, mentioned in your article, is the nation's first mainstream program that addresses the needs of adolescent homosexuals.
White House officials said Mr. Bush won't be seeking any specific action on the Gulf from Congress.
The restaurants are part of a $3 billion trade pact in which the Soviet Union will build at least 10 ships, mostly oil tankers, to be sold or leased by Pepsico in return for foreign credits.
About 7,000 people have been slain since the Tamil war began in 1983.
The members differed on the inflation outlook, though they agreed that domestic price pressures didn't appear to be intensifying and that wage increases had remained moderate.
A funnel cloud becomes a tornado once it touches the ground.
I believe its approach puts undue emphasis on the balance sheet, to the detriment of the profit and loss account, and to the disadvantage of users of accounts. The board has now published all but one of the chapters of its draft statement of principles.
Corporate bonds prices edged up, however.
The measure would ban the import of five foreign-made weapons and outlaw the manufacture of four other varieties in this country. The bill would not bar possession or sale of the weapons.
The announcement unleashed a run on technology stocks Friday, including IBM.
Neustrup, who flew to Beirut on Friday to take charge of negotiations to release the crew, was in Jounieh today to arrange for their departure, the source said.
But no one here can answer it." In Budapest, a Hungarian official said the transfer of refugees was stalled because of fears over how Hungary's role would be viewed by allied East Germany.
Federal researchers are exploring a possible new biological weapon against cells infected with the virus that causes AIDS.
The Air Force has decided to deactivate three of its 38 tactical fighter wings after concluding that the current budget will support only 35 wings, each of which consists of 72 fighter aircraft.
The purchases will be made on the open market.
Some temporary workers were on the job by 1 a.m. Saturday, with 2,200 replacements reporting to work Monday morning, said Western Union spokesman Warren Bechtel.
An explosion destroyed a French UTA jetliner over the Niger desert last September, killing 171 people.
The EC contends that as long as the "global" level of subsidies is reduced, some increases should be allowed.
"The words are atrocious and the tune is worse," wrote Peter McKay in The Evening Standard last month.
Conversely, a critical press can sometimes alert a company to an area of weak performance. But not everyone believes that media evaluation techniques are a satisfactory measure of PR's effectiveness.
Though Mr. Benjamin maintained it was by no means certain that Mr. Culverhouse could have overthrown the board and management, "We felt it was in the best interest of stockholders to get this resolved while we were in control of the situation.
The court ends the term with the liberals perhaps understandably feeling the pressure of minority status. Still, there can be no excuse for gamesmanship in constitutional law.
The proposal was announced over a year ago and Canada's federal government hasn't yet introduced formal legislation.
3M also failed to follow up with its customers after it determined that its air guns were leaking, the NRC inspection summary said.
"This is going to be interesting case," said Constance Lowenthal, executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research, a New York-based group dedicated to combating forgery and theft of artworks.
His victory appeared to mark the end of 31 years of Tutsi domination, although he was careful to include members of the minority tribe in his government.
The issuance is under a previously filed $500 million shelf registration, the company said.
Wagner and Brown: "This is definitely not a purchase to bust up Insilco."
According to the filing, Clark it said its purpose in selling the shares was to "partially liquidate the Clark Estates' investment" in the company's common stock.
Now they are considered a serious problem.
At his side were Mayor Coleman Young of Detroit and Sen. Don Riegle.
In its suit, Damon seeks to enjoin the American Magnetics group from acquiring any Damon stock and to require the group to dispose of its current 10.75% stake in Damon.
Underwriters are headed by McLeod Young Weir Ltd.
Mr. De Benedetti is married and has two children.
Kantor was known for creating dynamic, inventive theater based on historical and personal themes.
Demoralized and split into bickering camps, the party is being written off as a contender in national politics.
If you do marry a housewife, advise your children not to go to school.
Keenan, 39, from Belfast in Northern Ireland, holds dual Irish and British citizenship.
Piete said residents in West Berlin's Zehlendorf district reported seeing a balloon about 7:50 a.m. floating into the city over the wall.
"We feel very strongly we have observed excess energy," he said. "We feel confident in being able to measure the heat.
Opponents of U.S. military aid to Central America demonstrated outside a hotel where Vice President Dan Quayle was speaking, and 21 people were arrested.
The liquidation plan comes after weeks of pressure from anxious creditors.
The 10-day festival that ended Saturday featured more than 130 films from 40 countries, but competition is only among movies made in Israel.
The shootout occurred about eight hours after Gonzales and Ralph P. Brown, fled from the Arkansas Valley Correctional Facility in Ordway, Colo. in a helicopter.
Sir, With reference to your article, 'UN aims to redraw border of Iraq and Kuwait' (February 19), to date no final recommendations on the actual boundary have yet been made.
But according to the latest Gallup-Newsweek poll, Bush's approval rate has slipped from 80 percent last January to 48 percent, the lowest rating of his presidency.
Lefebvre insisted on the June 30 date and on elevating four bishops, effectively repudiating the accord.
Ramp season opens in late winter, but this year started in January because of warm weather.
Dr. Carr is the kind of contingent worker who both gladdens and worries employers.
The Lundgrens' son, Jeffrey, must serve at least 120 years in prison for his conviction on four counts of aggravated murder in the deaths of four of the Averys.
The blinding means that much of the data sought by the U.S. satellite could not be gathered.
The calculated annualized rate also was the same for both months _ 5.2 percent _ in contrast to a 4.4 percent inflation rate in 1987 and the first six months of this year, Labor Department economists said..
The move is part of a previously announced cost-cutting drive under which Sears is eliminating 33,000 jobs.
Losses in the corn and soybean markets were limited, though, by a National Weather Service Forecast for warmer- and drier-than-normal conditions in the Midwest next week.
The remaining 10 per cent is half owned by employees and half by Lebanese investors.
The Soviet Union indicated it would soon resume its nuclear-weapons testing program because of Tuesday's test blast by the U.S.
Some 30 others stayed with International Showbusiness and traveled to West Virginia to look for work.
The money will create a town development fund.
Such information can help a company in drafting its proposal.
The high schools remain under jurisdiction of the central board.
Among those arrested, Le Monde said, were Ali Ardalan, former finance minister; and Husseini Shah Hussein, who was president of the welcome committee when the exiled Khomeini returned to Iran in 1980.
An IRA statement in Crossmaglen said a 12-man unit used two 12.7mm anti-aircraft guns, three 7.62mm general purpose machine-guns and rifles Thursday in what it called the IRA's first successful helicopter downing.
He offers a tough but brilliant vision. Everything he designed, and take a close look at the circular silver toast rack in the exhibition, is thought through from the inside out.
The numbers this time were disappointing enough to pull forecasts back from roughly Pounds 31m to Pounds 27m.
Fashion-lovers can view clothes from aristocratic closets of the revolutionary period in the Musee de la Mode et du Costume, Palais Galliera, until May 7.
The statement appeared to be the most high-powered pledge of solidarity yet by writers with Rushdie and his publishers, and was a response to Khomeini's Feb. 14 call.
According to a UN estimate, at least 500,000 farm animals have been killed by the mines.
He also was named chairman and chief executive of NL Chemicals Inc., the chemicals unit that the company has talked of spinning off to shareholders.
In coastal Salvador, 1,120 miles northeast of Brazil, millions of costumed revelers packed city squares and streets to dance to highly-amplified samba bands perched atop lavishly decorated trucks.
"He's built a career on economic growth and that's exactly the kind of message this state needs to hear." Being mentioned for political office is nothing new to Mr. Iacocca, a self-professed independent with Democratic leanings.
Democrats, who have never won the White House without winning Texas, cling to the lowest number.
One alert reader received a mail shot from Sharelink giving him the chance to invest in one of two indexed funds via a personal equity plan.
"The numbers are very large.
A powerful storm covered parts of Colorado and Wyoming Monday with up to a foot of snow and sent strong winds gusting through much of the Rockies and Great Plains.
The group's system is still on the drawing board, but some specialists say it would be easier to adapt for use in the West German air force's F-14 fighter aircraft.
In an earlier drug-cult case, police in April 1989 found 15 bodies buried on a ranch near the northern city of Matamoros across the U.S.-Mexico border from Brownsville, Texas.
In scientific meetings in 1982 and in 1986, a view developed favorable to continued technological progress in crop and livestock production as well as in conservation of the nation's resources.
It currently has about 39.4 million shares outstanding.
Without its strong-willed chief, the company could narrow its focus, lower its debts, cut the dividend, or be acquired in whole or in part.
Association officials again attributed the fall to high interest rates and a slump in demand resulting from slower economic growth, factors that also have been curbing sales here of Japanese-made cars.
It fell 0.5 per cent on the week.
He was also known before the invasion to have his sights on Warba and Bubiyan, which would provide Iraq with key sea links.
Connie Chung said Monday that she's putting her new television series on hold while she tries to become pregnant.
But King Fahd says that his country has sacrificed long enough.
In 1989, the highest payment for any loss was 65 percent of the payment rate.
In Acapulco, condominium-style resorts with private swimming pools and hideaway beaches cost around $250 a day.
That might, surely, be from real life.
Another 78 blacks have been killed in Soweto township southwest of Johannesburg during the same period.
Pressured by disgruntled shareholders, Zenith has been exploring options for its consumer electronics business for more than a year, but has had trouble getting the price it wanted for a unit that had 1988 sales of $1.13 billion.
Wells Fargo rose 2 3/4 to 79 on a report that investor Warren Buffett had a stake in the company.
You glance from time to time at the distant reaches of the river.
Though she completed the 11th grade, she is functionally illiterate and now is studying long division and reading, trying to earn her general-equivalency diploma.
Discount brokers use 15-minute-old quotes to cut down costs of servicing individual investors.
Chen Ye, a senior official in the State Land Administration, was quoted by the China Daily as saying a quota system will be adopted.
However, revenues for its energy and utility systems and commercial segments were down for the third quarter.
Nevertheless, the Fed's decision to arrange the unexpected two-day reserve drain shortly before a Treasury auction "has to be viewed as suspicious," said Dana Johnson, chief money market economist at First National Bank of Chicago.
In separate cases, seven brokers were sanctioned for violating rules by exercising discretionary authority in accounts without prior customer approval.
Many Democrats have tried to reciprocate, it said.
"Our firm has never done this before, but there has never been such a catastrophic art theft," said Diana D. Brooks, president of the Sotheby's auction house.
A $150 million issue of Bank of New York deposit notes due September 1992.
But they were roundly rejected by West Germany and the U.S., and Mr. Hashimoto went home empty-handed.
For millions of victims of Alzheimer's disease and their families, it is a matter of life or living death.
In any case, it will probably be well down the slope before its effect starts to show in worsening profitability.
Divorcees, for instance, weren't married but didn't quite feel single.
"Bill Gunn by Ishmael Reed," works of the independent director, screenwriter, actor, novelist and playwright.
Throughout the 1980-88 war with Iran and after, Iraq bought most of its food from the United States, Canada and Australia, all now committed to the embargo.
Only a quarter of the sculptures on its western facade are original.
The dummy trades, they asserted, distorted the market by creating a false impression of trading activity.
Now it's time to get back to concentrating on the company's business." The proposed reorganization plan calls for cash distribution of about $600 million to creditors.
Students stuck taking Russian by default don't give their teachers much joy.
"Later that night, the soldiers came.
He was summarily dismissed by the company when the currency loss came to light, ending his severance contract that was to run until September.
This special status is still in force, although the Soviets have put virtually all control in local hands.
The oil wealth divided the Arab world.
Treasury bonds were mixed.
Burmese troops fired on hundreds of looters in three separate incidents, killing 18 people, Rangoon Radio said.
In the three races for open Senate seats, it is the incumbent House members who have the clear fund-raising edge.
It was followed rapidly by KLM, the Dutch flag carrier, Aer Lingus, the Irish state airline and Air France, normally one of the traditionalists.
The OECD ministers said government intervention had resulted in harmful agricultural surpluses, and they agreed that "market signals" should play a bigger part in determining future patterns of agricultural production.
Instead of earning a 1.65 per return on the bills, the fund would enjoy a 2.75 per cent return, a 110 basis points difference.
Munn said his agency also questioned several other people "but there was no new evidence, so there's nothing more we can do." McFarlin, the Williamsburg sheriff, said last week he did not plan to reopen the case.
What upset her most was that Robbie's family would not acknowledge either his talent or his homosexuality.
The 87-year-old prize carries a $390,000 cash prize.
The National Enquirer recently ran an article claiming her condition was worse than the White House has let on and that the first lady was in severe pain at times.
I think there should be more apprenticeships, so you can see what the real world is like.
Autospa also would receive a five-year option to buy as many as 2.4 million new Cardis common shares for $6.25 or $7 each, depending on the date of exercise.
However, bidding was quite spirited for many major works, and records were set for nine artists.
But new forecasts of wetter-than-normal conditions in the Midwest over the new six to 10 days pushed soybean and corn futures prices higher because it may slow harvesting.
Postmaster General Anthony M. Frank says he is optimistic about the future, despite the fact that the post office is preparing to raise rates as it faces the largest dollar loss in postal history.
His wife, Anne Henderson Pollard, was sentenced to two concurrent five-year terms for helping him.
These are long-term manufacturing-related jobs, many of them highly skilled.
The shares, trading at CDollars 27 3/4 before the deal, are being sold on an instalment basis, with full payment due only in March 1993.
Even before taking into account the bad-debt losses, Midland Group showed a profit of #743 million for 1990, down from #879 million the year before.
Repayment would be based on, perhaps, commodity prices or a general economic growth target.
White House officials said Mr. Miller was reproved for assertions cited in the article, especially his suggestion that the administration might favor raising "sin" taxes on items such as cigarettes and alcoholic beverages.
Three previously unreported issues began trading recently on the Big Board.
Initially, the State Council was to contain an army representative but Roy said Thursday the army chose not to be in it.
The Nebraska State Patrol said it was investigating the letter that Mrs. Orr received last August.
A few stopped to look or ask questions.
A federal judge and the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals subsequently ordered Diamond to help reimburse the winners' legal fees.
At one point early in the expedition, two of the team's three sleds were damaged in a crashing descent on ice, and at another point, a French doctor had to descend into an ice crevasse to rescue a stranded sled dog.
During her hearing on Friday, the committee repeatedly pointed out that new S&L examiners weren't hired at a critical period, even though it wouldn't have cost the government anything because industry fees pay the examiners' salaries.
A late flurry of technically inspired buying pushed most grain and soybean futures prices to a higher close Tuesday on the Chicago Board of Trade.
Forte, which is said to be attempting to persuade shareholders in the Savoy Group to support its ambitions for a combined luxury hotel group, moved ahead in early trading before sliding back to close a halfpenny ahead at 231 1/2p.
But off-kilter the least bit, it'll kill you," Swayze said in an interview in May 29's US magazine.
Consumers should expect to see ads from automakers whose vehicles ranked high on the survey.
Most of the acquisition price represented assumption of Delaware Management's debt, which now stands at $200 million.
Hirohito has occupied the throne since 1926, considered a living god for the first 20 years of his reign.
At least one grumble was heard after Bush announced the results: Rep. Frank McCloskey, D-Ind., said he believed the electoral system should be scrapped and replaced with a direct popular vote.
Partial volume was 345.6 million shares, compared with full-day volume of 564.7 million shares Thursday.
Central Statistical Office gives figures for credit business (June) and producer price index numbers (July-provisional). TUESDAY: Quarterly analysis of bank advances (April-June) from the Bank of England.
"The heavy oil is less and less attractive in today's green-type environment, but if they give us the linkage of exploring lighter crude areas, it will change the picture considerably," says an official of one oil company holding talks with PDVSA.
'I must apologise that the previous correspondence was not factual,' she said.
"I think right now would be an inappropriate time to talk about new taxes," said New Mexico Gov. Garrey Carruthers.
The company expects the number to quadruple by year-end.
"We are all members of the family, we don't pay each other for what we do for each other," said the governor's mother.
I really disapprove of people who drive fast and grippy cars on country roads at speeds more appropriate to a rally special stage.
But the real action is on the "Surreal Side" _ or Side 2.
He "threatened to shoot if anybody moved," said a police official, who cannot be named under standing regulations.
Although Ford's First Nationwide unit is based in San Francisco and is the nation's sixth-largest thrift, its California branch network is relatively small, with only 132 of its total of 348 branches.
I didn't recognize the brushes.
Qintex Entertainment is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia, a unit of Qintex Ltd., based in Brisbane, Australia.
Yemen's oil is said to be first-rate, with a low sulphur content and a high ratio of associated gas.
He also acknowledged that "mistakes were made" in the summary trial of the Ceausescus, which was widely criticized internationally.
His filter wasn't needed right at that moment.
Even so, petrol will still cost less in the United Kingdom than in most countries in the European Union and it will be cheaper than it was in real terms in the early 80s.
Phillips, whose granddaughter is among about 385 pupils boycotting the new Motley Elementary School, said parents aren't worried about the truancy law.
But he said that rather than forcing an end to resistance, more violence is the likely result.
One Japanese official described the talks as "heated" and said neither side had changed its position on the territorial dispute.
Aidid, who said Monday he had ousted the president.
The Nov. 16 letter, parts of which were obtained by The Associated Press, said most of the export applications were referred to expert opinions at the State, Defense and Energy departments.
One banner read "Pay back the blood debt." Police monitored the march but did not interfere, said one 18-year-old marcher.
The dollar rose in European trading this morning as market sentiment continued to run toward the U.S. currency.
They also get too big for one person to control.
Troops on Saturday shot and killed a guerrilla who opened fire from across the Jordan-Israel border and wounded two soldiers, the army command said.
The pact is subject to the approval of the Glasgow-based firm's policyholders, who own it.
OPEC oil ministers today held a flurry of bargaining sessions to try to break a deadlock in negotiations for a new production and pricing agreement.
Mr. Ben-Aharon said that direct Arab-Israeli talks could take place after a regional conference, which could serve as a "convocation" ceremony to get things rolling.
Some analysts have speculated that the well could have one billion to two billion barrels of oil equivalent.
Earlier this year, First Constitution established a credit administration department in anticipation of a deteriorating real-estate market in Connecticut.
In Moscow, the newspaper exchange was seen as an allegory for the struggle between Gorbachev and Ligachev.
With more than L100bn (Pounds 39m) of loans outstanding, BNL is the group's largest creditor. Both Cariplo and BNL have insisted the functioning of their institutions is not affected.
Commodities: Dow Jones futures index 130.63, up 1.42; spot index 126.37, up 0.22.
Enrile said it should have brought $12-$15 million.
The offer was contained in a statement by the rebel National Democratic Front, which was delivered to news organizations.
Bush said he would not try to assign blame for the problems at HUD.
Kenneth Loeffler, Lancaster, Pa., sends flowers to patients "after a particularly long or difficult procedure."
Northern Ireland's troubles are really about economics and politics, not religion.
The December contract closed at 91.72 after closing the previous night at 91.81. The Bank purchased Pounds 100m of Band 1 bank bills at 8 7/8 per cent.
Ametek spun off its Straza division and 13 others in 1988 to create Ketema Inc., which in turn has sold the marine products operations involved in the investigation, Ametek said.
Chicago attorney Lori B. Andrews, a specialist in reproductive technology law, said she knows of no in-vitro fertilization clinic that will take a single woman as a patient.
The Wembley concerts, where sellout crowds of 72,000 had been expected, have been rescheduled for Aug. 24-25, Ms. Sen said.
Mr. Guber wooed Mr. Dolgen back to Columbia last year to be president of the Columbia Pictures studio under its chairman, Frank Price.
They have snipers who have the soldiers controlled," a woman who fled the area said.
Further nervousness is likely ahead of tomorrow's policy meeting at the Bundesbank.
Los Angeles drug gangs are spreading cocaine and violence in cities nationwide and may become a new form of organized crime unless they are stopped soon, the Los Angeles County district attorney warns.
Khaled said last Christmas that Ms. Valente had given birth to a baby girl after a seven-month pregnancy "from an illegal relationship with Fernand Houtekins." Emmanuel Houtekins said the kidnappers were "providing us with wine and beer.
She says that since 1972, she has turned a credit-card debt of $62,000 into a $100,000 portfolio of six carefully selected stocks.
We ask people how severe their addictions are and he reported he had a $30-a-day cocaine habit.
After Norquist was sworn in, Maier wished his successor good luck. "I know you have the courage and vision to do the job," Maier said.
Hun Sen conferred during a break in the talks Sunday with John Monjo, the U.S. ambassador to Indonesia.
It said there are no known safety or effectiveness problems with the products, but there were questions as to whether they met the specifications approved by the agency.
For the first time the federal government would require all states to pay cash benefits to two-parent welfare families.
Insurers are acutely aware of the need to store enough money to afford paying claims to Japan's rapidly aging population in the decades ahead.
The first part of the exhibit concentrates on the powerful region of Prussia, named for an exterminated pagan tribe.
The new bid is conditional on review of Little's finances and severance agreements that the company initiated after Plenum made its first proposal.
Then President Nixon closed the "gold window" in 1971.
Castle & Cooke added 1/2 to 24 3/4; the company said it acquired a 7.3% stake in Amfac and has federal clearance to increase its holding to 15%.
The company said it is attempting to reposition a number of its strategies and business, but said the efforts are too premature to discuss in detail.
The budget documents state that "the discipline that the current budget process imposes on most Federal agencies is not fully effective in controlling Federal credit programs," because the process doesn't show how big the subsidies are.
Michael Binkow, a spokesman for Fox, confirmed Diller's offer. Katzenberg's proposal was reported in Tuesday's editions of The New York Times.
Desert will be an apple and cranberry brown betty with cinnamon ice cream covered with bourbon custard sauce, followed by a demitasse of coffee.
An Associated Press study of the 1988 disaster program found farmers who said they were "made whole" by both programs, earning as much or more in insurance claims and disaster payments as they would have with normal harvests.
At the short end the two-year note was unchanged at 100 1/16 , to yield 3.825 per cent. The news overnight of intense fighting in Moscow, set the scene for early gains in Treasuries. Yet any benefits for the Treasury market yesterday were short-lived.
In February, IBM said publicly that it would offer its new family of workstations with a piece of system software made by Steve Jobs's Next Inc. instead of Microsoft.
On June 5, an 8-year-old Miramar girl was killed by her 10-year-old brother who thought his father's gun was unloaded.
More peripheral markets such as Colombia and Peru may also benefit, some reckon.
The president-elect did better as the political season progressed.
"His people would expect it (his return) and he is just the sort of person who would do it," Mrs. Thatcher said of Gorbachev, with whom she has a good rapport.
More dates will be added, said Bob Merlis, vice president of publicity for Warner Bros. Records Inc.
Police reports also said Ms. Bamping and Blevins tried to use their positions as prosecutors to intimidate Robertson, but Blevins denied that.
At midnight every British terrestrial television channel will be showing an old Hollywood movie.
Talks to help liberalize the $600 billion annual trade in services have also hit snags.
The driver has a full no-claims driving record, no accidents, claims or convictions, and drives to work. The Which? survey revealed huge premium variations, even for this standard cover.
But you and I understand that just having Republicans know all this isn't good enough.
Federal law requires a 27.5 miles per gallon fleet-wide fuel economy standards for 1989-90 model cars, but NHTSA has proposed lowering that to 26.5 mpg.
"Now I didn't learn about crime, as Mr. Bush did, from a Clint Eastwood movie.
Friday's Market Activity Rising interest rates and a weakening U.S. dollar bashed stock prices Friday, crushing the blue-chips and a broad array of issues.
Such positive sentiment has triggered a powerful junk-bond rally that has pushed prices of low-rated bonds to the highest levels in months.
"To me it's an absolute nightmare," he said.
"This is an extraordinary, record-breaking flood and is very dangerous.
New York-based Lynch, Jones & Ryan, a soft-dollar firm, called the SEC action a "naive" response in favor of soft-dollar critics.
Unilever said the Polish company has annual sales of more than $20 million and accounts for more than a fifth of detergent powder made in Poland.
He was the jackal who pursued her until he finally devoured her.
"I want to go with my boots on," he laughs.
Although President Lee wields little of the influence his predecessor had, he quickly has proved himself to be the force to contend with at the upcoming KMT Party congress, which opens July 7.
U.S. Army helicopters scoured the Caribbean for a Nicaraguan cargo plane with a crew of six that failed to arrive on schedule Tuesday at Costa Rica's port city of Limon.
All the markets opened lower, but then soybeans moved sharply lower while wheat turned higher.
He said the People's Front wants such a visit because "the republic's government is not in a position to solve this question" of Nagorno-Karabakh.
If enacted, the bill would transfer from the president to the U.S. trade representative the authority to decide what unfair trade practices another country is engaged in and what, if any, retaliatory measures to impose.
A law applying the state's 4 percent sales tax to magazines while exempting newspapers was upheld Wednesday by the Iowa Supreme Court.
It also hired a management consulting firm, Glass & Osnos Associates Inc.
Stanley Bender, vice president, finance, said the company will take "substantial write-downs" in the fourth quarter.
Gleeson said there were no truce violations.
The earnings drop "was due in part to a decrease in revenue at U.S. Credit Services and substantial increase in costs" to revamp the operations, the company said.
The college settled her claims in 1975 for $75,000 without admitting liability.
New-issue volume has since fallen to $151 billion in 1986 and $105 billion in 1987 and is expected to fall to $100 billion this year, she said.
"Currencies very much dominate what's going on in investment policy," says Rowe-Price Fleming's Mr. Allison.
Syncordia has put together a network that currently links 14 "business centers" or cities, according to Mr. Thames, but plans to link 70 cities within two years.
Vinyl details all over included see-through plastic bustier bodices over sequined iridescent miniskirts for a mermaid effect.
The American Trucking Associations' executive committee voted Wednesday to support random testing even though some of its members have reservations about the federal program that takes effect at the end of the year.
It may be that labour-market flexibility and the growth of self-employment will bring more people into the workforce than would otherwise have been the case.
Earlier this year, Kaneb omitted its common-stock dividend of two cents a share, suspended dividend payments on its preferred stock and cut its work force.
Jackson was receiving 31 percent of the vote and 37 delegates, while Dukakis was getting 17 percent of the vote, but no delegates.
Late yesterday, the AT&T spokesman said the company decided to sweeten its proposal by offering to repurchase any uninstalled phones from Pay Phones customers.
The party is investigating leaflets issued by Liberal Democrats in the recent council by-election, won by the far right British National Party. 'Hope is a fragile thing,' Mr Ashdown said.
He went along with the requests, he added, to marshal his resources for the fight to abolish syndication rules, which he lost anyway.
Inner-city regeneration, training and defence industry diversification all look promising areas. It is easy to spot the sticks and carrots.
The price is expected to fall as production increases, he said.
The market's tumble put him in default on bank loans he had secured for the KaiserTech cash infusion.
That's a big switch from Texaco's bond offering late last year, which took syndicate officials nearly a month to place.
I don't feel like a valued customer." AT&T's long-distance network, after decades of reliability, has failed four times in two years.
Salt Lake City police said Mack has used six or more aliases and has been married seven or eight times.
In the early 1900s, more than 100 wolves lived in Yellowstone National Park.
Russo was sentenced to one year probation on the misdemeanor charge.
"I'm never going to retire.
The aid is in addition to the $119 million aid package President Bush announced earlier this summer, nearly half of which was earmarked for food assistance.
John C. Lewis, chairman, said the third-quarter performance continues the upturn for Amdahl through the first half of this year.
Always, Dr. King was a great inspiration to all of us." Forty-three percent of imported aerosol cosmetics contained chlorofluorocarbon compounds banned as propellants by the United States 10 years ago, the Customs Service said Monday.
The first gorilla twins born alive in captivity in the Western Hemisphere will be permanently separated next week when one is shipped to a Nebraska zoo.
For 1986, the company had a loss of $1.9 million, despite an extraordinary gain of $248,000 from the pre-payment of long-term debt at a discount.
The Big Board has already scheduled a hearing in connection with its disciplinary charges against Drexel, people familiar with the matter said.
The current versions of Tax Adviser and Personal Tax Planner leave capital gains tax out altogether. The expensive programs are edging towards the sort of thing an accountant might use.
The Chamorro-Godoy ticket was approved with the minimum 10 votes out of a possible 14 after five rounds of voting Saturday.
Rooth's argument is that the Conservative majority in the National Government, led by Neville Chamberlain, was enacting the protectionist policies championed by Chamberlain's father, Joseph, in the 1890s. Public opinion was also pro-protectionist.
Yesterday, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading, its common closed at $36.25, up $1.
We don't need no stinkin' tax law.
Even determining whether the high caused the jet stream to split, or the split jet stream trapped the high, is difficult, Livezey said.
Yet you must perform the preliminary phase of the operation with some degree of dedication or you will pay for it later.
Leon J. Perelman, 77, operated the Perelman Toy Museum in Philadelphia until a robbery in August in which a caretaker was bound and held at gunpoint by two men.
The summer London sales are crucial for the auction houses, and for dealers, because they represent the "bread and butter" sales of midrange paintings and sculpture.
Saunas have flourished longer than another immigrant legacy: social radicalism.
Association members are Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Brunei.
And it will likely weaken any calls for more sanctions by members of the British Commonwealth at the group's annual meeting next week.
Bush favors a constitutional amendment to overturn the 1973 Supreme Court decision, Roe vs. Wade, that legalized abortion.
And some Democrats already have raised the possibility of mounting a filibuster, which can only be stopped if there are 60 votes against it.
In any case, most visitors enter through the underground parking garage, as visitors enter so many things in Los Angeles.
Five policemen were injured by stones and 14 Palestinians were wounded by rubber bullets.
In such programs, formulas in the law automatically decide how much money will be spent.
Volume Thursday was 375.0 million shares, compared with 405.9 million shares Wednesday.
They also have received assistance in such matters as organizing stock exchanges and modernizing banking.
The Dallas maker of defense electronic systems cited a reduction in investment income and higher-than-expected costs of research and development of some high-technology products.
That way they can charge more for products because there is less competition.
"I believe," the three-term governor says, "that what has worked in Massachusetts and in New England can work in every state in the nation."
(X) "Rescue: 911 Special," CBS, 9.8.
The OSI accused Rudolph of working thousands of slave laborers to death building Nazi V-2 missiles during World War II.
Officials in the Finance Ministry and Bank of Japan deny that leaks are an accepted practice, and say they rarely occur.
"With all this moisture and coolness and poor germination, you get shallow root development," said Richard Loewy, president of AgResource Co., Chicago.
MGM-UA's chairman and chief executive, Lee Rich, declined to identify the suitors in Monday's announcement.
A federal district court in California issued a preliminary injunction against Home Box Office's HBO Video division in November, prohibiting it from distributing the tapes until the legal dispute between Vestron and Hemdale is resolved.
Iceland immediately exploited a whaling commission loophole by beginning a program of "scientific whaling," arguing that it couldn't assess the status of its whale populations without killing and examining a number of whales.
"That would be a classic race," he said, while not sounding optimistic that it will take place.
A passenger jumped into his hands with a burning nylon jacket.
Catalyst Energy Corp., New York, said it had a third-quarter loss because of a $3 million charge for a California hydroelectric project and other investments.
Most reveled with the sound of African drumbeats, Jamaican reggae and American jazz.
The Soviet Union is Iraq's main arms supplier.
Highlighting Bush's pro-defense stance, two aircraft carriers rested at anchor across the harbor as the vice president spoke to a sun-drenched Labor Day audience of several hundred people outside a wholesale fish company.
The U.S. frigate Jack Williams, a sister ship to the Roberts, went to the tanker's aid from about nine miles away.
Rather than erecting trade barriers, the U.S. should work to reduce its budget deficit and increase savings and education, the study said.
An administration official who briefed reporters on the package earlier shrugged off questions about why the domestic market was being treated differently than the imports when the weapons have the same firpower.
Kirk, in Atlanta, said those talks had not yet resumed, although he said aides to the two men had spoken.
Congress plans to adjourn in early October.
The prime minister devoted most of her remarks to more than 3,000 people at the Aspen Institute to her vision of the new Europe.
A $470-million, five-year government effort to clean up Seoul's Han River apparently has succeeded, but about 100 farmers recently demonstrated at a zinc plant in Onsan, outside Seoul, claiming their crops were being damaged by sulfurous acid.
It marked the fourth nationwide balloting since President Corazon Aquino took power three years ago and Ferdinand Marcos, the president for 20 years, fled into Hawaiian exile.
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.45 to 464.15, a 0.1% loss.
"Pakistan is in a period of transition," she said. "We don't have a direct military rule; we have an indirect military rule, or we have the iron fist in the velvet glove.
For all of fiscal 1986, the company posted a loss of $421,000 on sales of $47.6 million.
In London, share prices were firmer near the day's peak at the close as participants reacted to the steadier dollar and a firm early trend on Wall Street.
Bob Jones, an Armtek spokesman, said the company's board had no immediate comment on the new offer, which covers all outstanding shares and associated preferred stock purchase rights.
Richard Loewy, president of AgResource Co., Chicago, said some analysts and speculators had predicted that the early-August dry spell would trim yields sharply below the level actually estimated in the government's September report.
Those two small EC members represent $12.6 billion of our $13 billion surplus with "Europe."
All offers were refused.
Bush also met Monday with Lane Kirkland, president of the AFL-CIO.
The foundation's stock was non-voting; voting stock belonged to the Fords.
A lot of them know that the Post-it notes on their desk come from 3M, but don't realize that the company makes more than 50,000 other products as well, 3M admits.
He said Iran's Boeings were regularly serviced in Western Europe and that complex maintenance operations are done abroad, or by foreign engineers specially flown in for the purpose.
Once there, 40 police officers will search for bodies.
The move is likely to harm his chances, once seen as good, to become the country's prime minister soon.
Cheaper still are in-house lawyers and paralegals.
Two weeks ago, Shamir proposed that the Egyptian leader meet with him on U.S. soil to try to find ways to resolve the Palestinian problem, but Mubarak turned him down, Pazner said.
Disclosure of information about customers' bank accounts is prohibited, except in criminal cases.
In late April, sprouts poked through the dirt in a spot where tomatoes used to grow.
In a statement in the semi-official Akhbar al-Khaleej newspaper, the minister said the cabinet made the decision because of difficulties in anticipating oil revenue.
If the USDA prevails, there are no provisions in the law to let the meat be donated to feed the hungry, said U.S. Attorney Dexter Lehtenin.
He said it likely would take place in Cuomo's Manhattan office.
The price drops weren't surprising in the wake of an industry report on U.S. oil inventories considered bearish by many traders.
Sessions said, however, that he agreed with the Customs Service that peeling and deveining imported shrimp does not constitute a "substantial transformation" of the product.
Authorities raided 15 suspected boiler room sites Monday in Manhattan, the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens, and on Long Island in Hempstead and Massapequa.
Merchants National spokesmen couldn't be reached for comment.
But since the fighting actually began Jan. 16, oil prices have tumbled back to the $20-a-barrel range.
TVX Broadcast Group Inc. said Monday that Paramount Communications Inc. has acquired preferred and common stock of the Virginia Beach-based independent television station owner for $110 million.
Suspicious fires destroyed or damaged 32 cars at a parking lot near the New Tokyo International Airport before dawn today, and police blamed radical leftists opposed to the airport's expansion.
Those deficits mean that Americans are handing over billions of dollars to foreigners to pay for imported products.
While Bush was quick to pounce on Dukakis' opposition to the MX and Midgetman, he was slower to admit that he could not afford both, if elected.
Eduardas Potashinskas, a Lithuanian activist who monitored today's parliament session, said speakers announced that the Kremlin decreed a stop Tuesday to Soviet supplies of paper and wood products to Lithuania.
About 40 smaller lightning-caused fires burned Friday in the Flathead River drainage of northwestern Montana.
Whether gilts will remain a help remains an open question.
One source said the average worker, who now takes home 910 yuan ($246) a year, will soon get an extra 30 yuan a month, equal to a 28 percent raise.
Many need to lower their rates altogether.
Although the FT is a financial paper, it is still taking too much liberty in assuming that all of its readers are no more than financial zombies.
A civil rights leader indicated today that an agreement was near that would lead him to call off protests during next week's PGA Championship at a heretofore all-white country club.
ACC is a telecommunications company.
And some foreign intelligence agencies do "bag jobs," searching briefcases and luggage that executives leave in hotels.
The Ivory Coast constitution allows opposition, but those who have tried to activate such political groups have been harassed and their groups have been refused registration on technical grounds.
Newly elected Russian President Yeltsin called for the resignation of the Soviet government and said he would seek sovereignty for the republic.
Mr Peter Churchouse, managing director of Morgan Stanley, said: 'The government is absolutely appalling in its land policy.
He calls Ms. Pedler a gifted organizer and the "glue" that has held the affiliate together.
A sense of the two Germanys' separate identities emerges by comparing people in parallel professions in the twin towns of Jena and Erlangen.
Ostensibly, he was in town as part of a long-scheduled program to impart U.S. management skills to the Soviet executive branch.
The banks may question some of those assumptions. Of the debt to be rescheduled, only Dollars 300m is unsecured.
In addition, McDermott International eased 1 to 30 1/2 after reporting that its loss from continuing operations for its fiscal fourth quarter, ended in March, widened from a year earlier.
The change of registration prefix in August is supposed to stimulate the appetites of the car buyer.
A new study by Information Resources Inc., a Chicago-based marketing research company, indicates that aspirin sales were flat in February and fell slightly in March, the last months the survey covered.
If this continues, U.S. interests could be hurt.
Lurie's family was given exit visas in 1979, but the authorites revoked them on the grounds of state secrecy because her husband worked in a classified job as a organic chemistry researcher for two years in the 1960s, she said.
Vegetable consumption climbed from 152 pounds per person in 1982 to 170 pounds last year and is expected to continue to increase, according to the Central Marketing Association for German Agriculture.
The Babylon office employs about 125 workers and has an annual payroll of about $3 million.
Cheney met with King Fahd in the Saudi capital of Jiddah before flying to Cairo.
Three hours later, troops spotted the guerrillas in a ravine. "We fired, and they didn't have much choice but to die," 1st Lt.
She has performed live for millions She has a platinum album (more than a million copies sold) for her "Greatest Hits."
We have just seen this in the UK, where a record for net sales was set in March. Mutual fund sales have, of course, long been a key indicator for contrarian investors.
Staley, based in the Chicago suburb of Rolling Meadows, is a holding company formed in 1985.
He agreed to repay the money and an equal fine.
The merger is scheduled to be voted on by holders of both companies Dec. 19.
A 0.5 per cent increase in food prices was more than offset by a 0.8 per cent decline in the cost of energy. The 'core' producer price index, which excludes food and energy, fell 1 per cent.
They smashed the display cases, destroying the inventory.
"Without the help of the West, we cannot establish a successful market system," Shatalin said.
The 8-month-old wasn't fooled when the stopwatch that had looked so interesting was covered with a cloth. He yanked the cloth away.
Many have adopted export-led structural adjustment programs and if a recession, however mild, is added to the growing trend in trade protectionism in the West, those programs could stumble and fall.
Waving his arms and shouting with his forlorn wife, Elena, seated nearby, Ceausescu branded as lies the charges that the couple was responsible for the deaths of 60,000 during their 24-year reign and the crackdown on protesters last week.
In the primary market, Oesterreichische Kontrollbank AG, Austria's export credit agency, found fairly good initial demand for a $200 million Eurodollar fixed-rate bond.
"I really don't feel angry or vindictive or anything toward the people I was involved with at that time," Miss Harper said in a recent interview.
Politicians can encourage cooperation, but they can't really impose it from above.
China has refused to exclude the Khmer Rouge from a future Cambodian government but has said it is willing to reduce its assistance to the Khmer Rouge and other guerrilla forces as Vietnam pulls out.
Ms. Klein told the court she lived with Mahroum in the West German city of Fuerth from April 1984 to December 1985, and that the two were still on friendly terms up to late last year.
Williams said he was torn by conscience as a believer in "redemption" and "forgiving your enemies," saying Jesus Christ and the late Martin Luther King Jr. would approve.
At least five police officers and two students have been hurt in the attacks, but no U.S. personnel have been injured.
LTV Steel Co. of Cleveland, a subsidiary of Dallas-based LTV Corp., plans to sell its Ohio-based steel bar division as part of the parent company's reorganization under federal bankruptcy laws.
This is the place London's 20/20 magazine called "New York's hippest club"?
Someone asked for wine, but there wasn't any.
The business-information concern said the earnings decline was due in part to "a high single-digit decline" in revenue at U.S. Credit Services and a sharp rise in costs relating to the company's repositioning actions at that division.
"It was the most heavily fortified rock house we've seen in a couple of years," said police spokesman Cmdr.
By the year 2000, at least 15 countries will be producing their own ballistic missiles, he said.
A government social worker arrives to offer a lesson on home finance and the rules of a free housing market.
Assistant Bucks County District Attorney Gary Gambardella said he plans to ask the Pennsylvania high court for a rehearing and may appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
If the test proves successful, it could allow blood contaminated with the virus to be detected and thus prevent transmission of the disease through blood transfusions.
There has been price-gouging: "I have heard of people charging absolutely exorbitant prices," Mr. Schwartau says.
Motorola has about 65,000 workers in the U.S.
The sources said another Navy officer was en route to the Persian Gulf to relieve Balian, a decorated Vietnam combat veteran.
But, most regrettably, matters took a course contrary to what we, the Islamic and Arab nations and the entire peace-loving world, were seeking.
In the 16-county Southwest Florida Water Management District, which includes St. Petersburg and Tampa, mandatory water restrictions have been in effect since February.
A significant quake is defined as one reaching 6.5 or higher on the Richter scale or a lesser temblor causing significant casualties or damage.
He says: 'There are conventions of 80,000 people in Atlanta and you don't even notice.' The city recently completed the construction of the Georgia Dome, a 70,500 seat stadium that will be the venue for the 1996 basketball and gymnastics competitions.
More than 6 million Jews were killed under Nazi rule.
The story goes that a special committee headed by George Washington visited Mrs. Ross in June 1776 and asked her to sew a flag based on their rough design.
Donald Trump, chairman and controlling shareholder of Resorts International Inc., made a tender offer of $84 million, or $15 a share, for all the company's Class A common shares.
The 82nd is a division of the 18th Airborne Corps.
In such cases, an accountant's report will add very little. Next, these reports are generally undertaken by the insolvency practitioners, who have a clear conflict of interest.
That's 9 cubic feet more than the Bronco II.
In Tokyo Wednesday, the Nikkei index retreated 206.76 points to 25504.
The major utilities, criticized for keeping excess capacity, scaled back investment at the same time electricity demand was racing ahead at nearly 7% a year.
"All these subjects are still under discussion, and there is an effort by Mubarak and by other friends to reach an overall solution to all these questions," Arafat said.
The server also makes a connection among several units of the company, one of the seven regional telephone companies formed with the break-up of the Bell System.
Specialists say impeachment would require two-thirds support in both the House of Representatives and the Senate. The Collor government is trying, through judicious spending of public money, to muster the 168 votes he would require to survive in Congress.
In addition, the three are subject to forfeiture proceedings on virtually all money they have made through their Drexel dealings since 1984, an estimated $1.85 billion.
Last year was a relatively poor period for taxable bond funds, which finished the year ahead 4.26%, compared with 9.44% in 1989.
Schmidt was released by his captors in September in what they said was a "goodwill gesture," but Cordes is still being held.
The Democrats focused on New York and its April 19 turning-point primary with 255 delegates, with Michael Dukakis and Albert Gore Jr. both waging war on drugs.
But I am not sure it is right.
The 16-member council that governs this town of 40,000 declared von Wernich unwelcome and last week asked the church to remove him.
He took a middle path on the current campaign against "bourgeois liberalization," which he defined as denying the Communist Party's primacy and advocating capitalism over socialism.
Other neighbors let officials park cars in their driveways.
In the Dutch Ten Oever case last year, the court ruled the Barber judgment did not apply retrospectively.
Also on Tuesday, the Long Island newspaper Newsday quoted intelligence sources as saying Nir kept in contact with U.S. intelligence officials until his death.
Keating was then a Cincinnati businessman and founder of the anti-pornography group Citizens for Decent Literature.
Most of the Maronites remaining in the north are old people who mainly work the land.
But the only snarls were from West German border soldiers, who delayed the convoy so a veterinarian could examine the dogs.
The CED finds still another reason to worry about the level of portfolio investments by foreigners.
The proposal is also likely to run into opposition from another group of creditors whose raw material contracts were voided by LTV after its bankruptcy-law filing.
Groves of apple trees were replaced with stalks of marijuana.
Linnas is to be transferred to an Aeroflot jet for the flight to the Soviet Union.
Such economic paralysis, in turn, feeds the JVP cause.
When covering this kind of wood when a house is new, look over the various kinds of stains and pigmented sealers on the market. Manufacturers of some of the pigmented types say they are more durable than the clear coatings.
The arrests stem from a police investigation into the suicide of Patrick Vick, a Church of Scientology member in Lyon who jumped out of a 12th floor window in 1988.
Desert conditioned its modified offer upon receiving enough shares to give it 85% of USG voting shares.
But then so have most governments been in the history of the world, except for those that have been third-rate or diabolical.
Justice Scalia obviously wasn't making any promises about eventual Supreme Court rulings without doing his own research, but his off-the-cuff assessment is intriguing, certainly indicating an openness to the constitutional argument.
The circumstances of the shooting have never been disclosed.
"There would be less clients if the raise was decided because the fees would be brought up sharply.
Iran's Khomeini has appointed a high-level committee to supervise talks for the release of foreign hostages held in Lebanon, according to the editor of the Lebanese magazine Ash Shiraa.
Prices guaranteed for 30 days!"
The action "reflects weakened and volatile business conditions which placed the firm under financial stress," the ratings concern said.
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines gained 5/8 to 18 3/4.
The agreement is being taken seriously because, unlike the previous one, it includes participation by Ivory Coast, the world's top producer.
Under questioning from her attorney, William G. Schick of Moline, Ms. St. Charles said she wasn't trying to block the investigation, but was concerned that investigators may have given false information about the church to members.
When the company offered cash-back deals on the vehicles last December and January, sales soared.
The Census Bureau's monthly report of an August soybean crush of 92.8 million bushels contained no surprises, analysts said.
For policyholders with contracts in excess of $100,000, payment on values above $100,000 would be about 72 cents on the dollar if the muni-GIC decision is upheld and about 89 cents on the dollar if the decision is reversed.
In addition it would limit provider liability, give tax credits to employers with on-site child care and offer a double tax exemption to families in which a parent stayed home for six months to care for a newborn.
Kroger said the restructuring would involve substantial but unspecified bank loans, pay shareholders $48 in cash and securities per share and allow them to keep their stock.
An ITT spokesman said the service isn't unique, but it's the first time it has been offered by the company.
The firm acquired the bonds, which have been trading in the 50 cents on the dollar range, about the time Revco failed to make a $46 million semiannual interest payment on the junk bonds last June.
Light sweet crude, the benchmark grade, fell $1.96 to $25.92 per barrel for October contracts Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The most enduring symbol of Soviet commitment to manned spaceflight has been the orbiting Mir space station.
Corsican brotherhoods, impossible fish stews, bad Humphrey Bogart movies.
Management agreed to a 15,000-zloty ($38) monthly pay raise, but the total included some raises already promised, and said Solidarity activists fired after the imposition of martial law in 1981 would be rehired as needed.
Mrs. Marcos is on trial in U.S. District Court on charges of using embezzled money to buy New York properties and finance a lavish lifestyle.
Jim Peacook, president of CWA Local 1314, said June 29 that ballots were being mailed to a union post office box in Boston, where they would be counted.
One of the board was great friends with Peter Wolff, who runs S. R. Gent, a clothing supplier to Marks & Spencer.
But the same poll showed 62 percent opposed the presence of American forces in Saudi Arabia, home of the Moslem world's most sacred shrines.
Mid-America plans to begin developing a cooling system next year in downtown Cleveland.
The biggest failing, however, comes from showing Marlowe as a Faustus figure believing in Dog not God, leading to lines like 'Dog help me' and 'Dog Almighty'.
But late last year, shareholders voted to change the fund's investment objective, so that it also could invest in bankruptcies and distressed securities.
Uno resigned to take responsibility for the July election loss, leaving the Liberal Democrats in their worst crisis since the party was formed in 1955 and began enjoying uninterrupted rule.
At that stage the local authorities had different ideas to us about the way forward. 'Since then, we have serviced all the outstanding land and gained planning consents for much of it.
The only passenger vessel that serves the Christian heartland came under Syrian fire at the port of Jounieh north of Beirut today and fled back to its home port in Cyprus, police said.
Many of them return to visit relatives, to donate money for social services or to invest in local enterprises.
He is a leader of the whole deaf community." _ Gallaudet University student Sherri Lambert, commenting on the uproar caused by the appointment of a new president of the college for the deaf who is not deaf herself and does not understand sign language.
Professionally, he was 82 and 7, won the New England lightweight crown, and came within one fight of a world title shot.
Also prominent as a Dole supporter was former White House Chief of Staff and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who served with Mr. Bush in the Nixon and Ford administrations.
But on Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average was 10.31 points higher at 2,136.56 as London trading ended Thursday, having opened about 4 points lower.
The press in general does a good job reporting on the foibles and the gaffes and the slips of a president.
The researchers said such symptoms of the infection as abdominal pain, fever and nausea are often confused with those of acute appendicitis, chronic bowel inflammation, gastric ulcer or gastrointestinal cancer.
In the small Montana town of Gardiner, north of the park, starving elk are eating ornamental hedges, trees, and hay donated by sympathetic people.
He or she is billed to appeal to all ages and the illusions relate to pictures in the collection.
For "Impulse" she prowled the mean streets of Los Angeles with a homicide squad to soak up how the police operate.
Norton said it would "vigorously oppose" the BTR suit, and filed its own suit in federal court in Boston seeking to enjoin BTR's tender offer and to stop BTR from soliciting proxies.
But Mr. Casey never shared this information with Mr. McFarlane, according to Senate investigators.
The average on new 26-week bills climbed to 6.24% from 5.98%.
On Wednesday North Korea's first deputy minister for foreign affairs, Kang Sok Ju, will make his first appearance before the General Assembly.
He did not elaborate on what if any legal guarantees would be taken that the party was giving up its leading role.
Banning other widely-consumed drugs such as marijuana has not significantly reduced their consumption.
The new attitude reflects the fact that, for the first time since Korea was divided in 1945, most Southerners believe that unification is close at hand.
On Thursday, a paramilitary squad run by the powerful Medellin cartel declared it would wage "total and absolute war on the government, on the industrial and political oligarchy," and others the drug lords consider their enemies.
We even have our own little pool going here at the store just in case," said Adria Singleton, assistant manager at the Ramona Village convenience market in Chino.
Jordan's relations with its powerful northern neighbor are lukewarm, mainly because it opposes Syrian's military presence in Lebanon.
In the 17 years that Ling-Ling and her mate, Hsing-Hsing, have resided at the zoo, the pair have had a variety of troubles mating and delivering cubs.
Rashad Shawwa, a Palestinian leader and a former mayor of Gaza City who was twice deposed by Israel, died Tuesday of a heart attack, family members said.
When the betting is over, the players still in the game must lay down their cards.
He understood the strengths and weaknesses of George Santayana, who had been one of his teachers at Harvard.
The team is travelling to Kiev, Odessa and Moscow July 28-Aug.
"They are in the courtyard of Europe.
Medellin, a city of 2 million people in northwest Colombia, is the the headquarters for Colombia's biggest drug traffickers.
An insurance company paid more than half of the $825,000 cost.
Bieber said the proposals from the Big Three would figure heavily in the union's selection of a target company.
Also, they are loaded heavily with commission and are less tax-efficient.
It would require unusually favorable weather for the company to earn the about $3.10 a share that some analysts have projected for 1992, he said.
South African state-of-emergency regulations in effect since 1986 restrict reporting about unrest, security force actions, treatment of detainees, some forms of protest, and a broad range of statements the government considers subversive.
The three universities have not even demonstrated a theory of how the process works.
The "ooohs and aaahs" were quickly drowned out by a piped-in Hallelujah chorus from Handel's "Messiah." It was, officially, Christmastime in the city.
It was no surprise, because the nation's No. 1 brokerage lost money for the first time since going public in 1971.
'Are you crazy?' shouted Andreas.
On any tax legislation, Rep. Rostenkowski repeated his intention of wanting support from President Reagan first.
Manhattan's Park Avenue synagogue for the second successive year airlifed Passover supplies to Soviet Jewish congregations in Moscow and Odessa _ two tons of matzoth, wine, gefilte fish and other kosher foods for Passover.
The Paris-based International Energy Agency is similarly sanguine.
The swim club's pool policy became the talk of the town, though, after it refused to admit the black church members who were part of a group of 66 who had spent the day renovating a dilapidated home.
In the Navy, you used to have people do it for you," Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner told Busey before swearing him in on a stage decorated with the bright FAA banner.
And there is the ceaseless round of Tinseltown parties, where celebrity-spotting becomes a form of delirium tremens.
Danielsson's 330-ton corvette is armed with artillery and depth charges that could sink a sub, but much of its weaponry is intended to punch holes in the hull of a sub and force it to the surface, rather than destroy it.
Typical buyers are people in their late 30s and 40s who shared the rebellious spirit of the times and yearn for something more tangible than their memories, says Heise, who recently added a shelf of out-of-print books by the Chicago Seven.
He said police found it difficult to operate in the occupied territories after the PLO called for the resignation of Arab officers, noting that only 300 policemen now remain in the occupied lands out of the previous 850-strong force.
The couple agreed to accept $75,000 from the nationally syndicated "A Current Affair" to talk about their romance on the air.
You have to live with a score and let it settle to see if it sits properly with the audience." In London, too, preview periods are much briefer than on Broadway, so that adjustments are more easily made after the opening.
The initial margin on futures trading on the Simex was raised from Y1m to Y1.25m, while additional margin was raised from Y800,000 to Y1m. Activity centred on speculative issues.
Police said the attackers were unknown.
All indications suggest, though, that the Reagan-Nakasone summit will not be about monetary policies.
And, despite all its new-found enthusiasm for Elsie, Borden won't spend more than $3,000 to purchase its live symbol.
And while cost is always an important consideration when hiring a professional, the most important consideration is the quality and appropriateness of the advice.
It was originally suspected that the attackers were ivory poachers.
That figure is estimated to have risen to 60 per cent and only a quarter of the service is now estimated to be white. However, almost all power within the service lies in white male Afrikaner hands.
Erik Johnson of IPL said about 56,000 homes had experienced outages at one time or another since Thursday afternoon.
Bond's decision to separate himself from his company was intended to entice bondholders to approve these steps, Lucas said.
Miners in the Maritime Region (around Vladivostok) are not providing for the power-engineering workers' requirements, and there aren't any deliveries from other areas. 'Power stations are already using up reserve stocks of coal.
A deranged South Korean taxi driver deliberately mowed down 19 people in Seoul, then injured 17 more by driving into the crowd which gathered to help his victims.
"I want a tuna-fish sandwich," he tells his assistant.
He gets here 30 minutes before work," said Gary Creel, store director at the supermarket.
"It was surprising to hear the options broached.
"The boat people, in order to make the operation more difficult, pushed their women and children to the front," said Security Secretary M. Geoffrey Barnes.
Columbia Pictures' recent record at the box office has been dismal.
That comes a week from tomorrow, the day Bush confronts a troublesome West German ally at a NATO summit in Brussels.
The settlement called for Snohomish to pay $48.6 million for its 13-percent share of the project.
I was the daughter of an officer.
But Motorola surged 3 3/4 to 83 3/4 and peaked at 84, marking the second consecutive session in which the stock set a 52-week high.
Mr. Murray assumes the perspective of a healer in the South Bronx, and tries to imagine what cancer could have invaded the community and forced individuals to act so unnaturally.
Despite his requests for some money, Eastern supplied him only with a razor, toothbrush and comb, he says.
The Coast Guard has so far refused to incorporate this option into its proposed rule-making.
Soriano said his company would give the equivalent of $5,000 to each to the families of the two workers.
After the attack, gangs of armed men roamed the capital's deserted streets, stoning two radio stations and the headquarters of two political parties opposed to the government of Lt.
Declaring the country "a kingdom of lies," a leading Roman Catholic clergyman Sunday accused the military of hindering an inquiry into the massacre of six Jesuit priests.
They both feared that if they stayed, they would end up fighting in another civil war.
On Friday, 100 passengers refused to board an Avianca plane in Barranquilla when it was learned that a leftist congressmen was going to be aboard with 25 bodyguards.
According to the teacher, the anthrax epidemic began after some cows grazed on the site of a burial ground for animals that had died in an anthrax epidemic in the 1920s.
The U.A.E., a member of the Gulf Cooperation Council, was the fifth of the GCC members to sign the accord after Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Oman and Bahrain.
A report released Tuesday said the fan disk of the jet's rear engine had a hairline crack less than a half-inch long before the plane's final flight.
Such is the proud sense of company identity. The downside is that singers feel no obligation to give a minimum number of performances.
Critics of the Senate bill said almost every defendant facing a death sentence would claim to be mentally retarded under the legislation.
"It was a setback for our party as far as our original goal was concerned," said Lee, who also chairs the Nationalist Party.
Nortek agreed to drop its takeover bid for Rexham.
The company said, however, that the divested operations will serve as an independent WTC agent in South Africa.
Main Street Toy has shipped nearly 1 million of "The Original Slap Wraps" since the fad started this summer.
The 20-member study group, in a 153-page report, also said that if the patient is incompetent, a properly designated surrogate should have the right to make this choice for the patient.
The company said sales for the first quarter were "consistent" with a year ago but added that earnings have been hurt by weakness in the tire building and automotive markets it supplies.
Thursday's first defense witness was former top CIA analyst David MacMichael, who testified that during his 1981-83 tenure the agency organized and directed the Contras against Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista government.
The Interior Ministry statement said the defendants brought the explosives with them from Kuwait, where they also trained on using them.
Unions achieved their stated goals in three of 10 campaigns studied, won something in two but walked away empty-handed in four, he says.
This means that the orbiter had dropped into a lower orbit." Such a maneuver would put distance between the two craft since a lower object orbits faster.
The pilots face the stiffest opposition from 23,000 machinists, who make up the airline's largest union.
The government had considered retrospective validation of the contracts and mandatory restitution.
U.S. and Vietnamese officials will meet next week in Hanoi to discuss joint efforts to search for Americans missing from the war, administration spokesmen said Thursday.
"We smash it down with a fork and then measure how much it sprang up," says tester Marsha McNeil.
"Herb the Nerd was a trumped up deal," he said, while the search for Valerie is just "a minor thread" in a campaign that relies on realism.
The broadcasters, not wishing to offend those who grant the licenses, voluntarily tone down criticism of elected officials.
"Bush knew better than anyone else how frustrating such rumors are and wanted to put them to rest," said an administration official who spoke only on condition of anonymity.
Under the threat of Iraqi missiles and air raids, Iranians vote Friday for a new parliament that will be a key factor in determining the course of the Islamic revolution.
He was so unhappy in what he called the "dummy class" in Denver City, Texas, that she took him out two weeks early last spring.
The number of political prisoners in Soviet mental institutions may have declined sharply, but the abuse of psychiatric practices remains widespread, an international group said Monday.
Clinical Data's revenue growth largely stems from increasing world-wide sales at its 60%-owned Dutch unit, which sells blood-analysis equipment, Mr. Stein said.
Whether the Soviets will be allowed to inspect the B-2 bomber to ensure it is not equipped to carry long-range, air-launched Cruise missiles armed with nuclear weapons, as the United States has assured them.
The agency will not rule on Michigan's panda request until at least June 6, said spokesman Dave Klinger in Washington.
Haji and hajah are the titles for men and women who have made a pilgrimage, or haj, to Mecca and performed certain acts required on a pilgrimage.
An even stronger majority, 74 percent, rated lobbyists' ethical performance as "only fair" or "poor." Lobbyists pervade the lawmaking process, representing businesses, unions and other organizations that have an interest in proposed laws.
But most were poorly researched and largely ignored. Mr. Cusumano claims to have done the most thorough, quantitative analysis of the issue, and his work is turning heads in the U.S.
This would seem to be an essential precondition for reunification.
Despite the relatively smaller size of the young population, children's diseases continue to threaten youngsters.
An example of a critical subject that is part of this discussion concerns who will be the operator of a field when there is a joint-venture association with YPF.
In his 1988 year-end report on the federal judiciary, Rehnquist threw his weight behind a presidential commission's recommendation of big pay raises for judges and about 2,000 other top federal officials.
The savings and loans had recently been given permission to change their charters from savings and loans to federal savings banks.
But they all failed to settle the quarrel over whether the Khmer Rouge should participate in Cambodia's political future.
Washington has sent investigative medical teams to Vietnam and encouraged private aid, but has not lifted an embargo on official aid imposed to protest Vietnam's decade-long occupation of neighboring Cambodia.
Hurricanes gain their strength from the energy transferred from the warm ocean waters to the air and clouds above.
During the past two or three years, I have lent my eldest son a lot of money to help with his business.
Transportation Secretary Elizabeth Dole welcomed the court's decision, saying it "reaffirms the administration's commitment to eradicate blood borders and rid our highways of drunk drivers."
Taking into account the company's recent secondary offering of 300,000 newly issued common shares, the per-share projection of $1.25 would indicate net of about $2.8 million.
Gencor has announced its R2bn rights offer, the largest in the country's history, has been priced at a 14.5 per cent discount to the market price.
Paper companies generally have been reporting strong earnings gains because of cost-cutting measures and a weaker U.S. dollar, which has revitalized export markets.
Earlier this summer, Mr. Thornburgh was shocked to find himself blitzed from the right when Senate conservatives shot down his choice of Robert Fiske to be deputy attorney general.
Nevertheless, "we have to recognize that policyholder confidence is probably at an all-time low," and in recent months has become a more significant factor.
"Nothing is defined or signed at this point," Mr. Daly said of the talks.
This took an hour and 45 minutes, the first part of which involved standing in a long queue in front of a sign that read not "Foreigners" or "Nonresidents," but "Aliens."
Ronald Lauder has spent $8.5 million so far in his quest to become mayor, more than any mayoral candidate in New York history, according to a report.
Convinced by Ohio Republicans that Mr. Blackwell was the man to beat Charles Luken, Washington party officials recruited the HUD official for the job.
"We still are concerned about growth and about preventing a recession.
One allows losses on holiday lets to be offset against the owner's income.
Moreover, his ultimate deduction is complicated by the provision of the 1986 tax act that now limits miscellaneous personal deductions.
Foreign transactions accounted for 18 percent of the total dollar value of all U.S. equity market transactions last year, the subcommittee said, but they represented more than 30 percent of the suspicious trades reported to the SEC by stock exchanges.
On Monday, Baker told NATO allies that Saddam he expects may pull some of his troops out of Kuwait by Jan. 15 - the U.N. deadline for an Iraqi withdrawal from Kuwait - in an effort to split international opposition.
Biden's blue cap covered the scar on his left temple where the surgical incision was made.
The army said seven of the dead ranged in age from 18 to 21. It withheld information on the eighth victim.
Many keen skiers regard Argentiere's Grands Montets as the best ski mountain in Europe, particularly in powder.
One takeover stock trader predicted yesterday's developments could boost UAL's stock price by $5 a share today.
Sugar for March delivery ended 0.29 cent a pound lower at 8.57 cents.
We were more frightened of the implications of making the wrong decision.' The brief was to find a long-term solution.
No other candidate this year has attained such high marks for visibility, desirability and viability.
I shall look at some of the options next week. The author is former director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies and was a special adviser to the former chancellor, Mr Norman Lamont.
Shortly before Christmas, Stuart viewed a lineup.
We haven't addressed that yet."
"I was trying to create a cover story at the time for what Joel had done," Ms. Nussbaum testified.
Is the stock's rally for real? Yesterday, longtime bears at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette changed their one-year-old "unattractive" rating on the stock to "moderately attractive."
Exports rose by 27% and capacity use was close to 90%.
Sullivan walked away with the Democratic nomination, receiving 88 percent of the early vote against motorcycle mechanic Ron "Suds" Clingman, who had called for lowering the drinking age to 18 and decriminalizing drugs.
Note his dominant position when he sits on the centre of the settee and knows he commands the stage.
The invitation followed a meeting of shareholders, who granted directors the power to restrict further share purchases by foreigners if the purchases threaten Wilson & Horton's current application to the New Zealand government for a television license.
"There are even candidate members of the Politburo who learned that troops had entered Afghanistan only after reading the newspapers," editor Grigory Baklanov said in a speech last year.
While some presidents followed Washington's precedent, and some state governors did as well, President Lincoln _ despite being faced with the dark specter of civil war _ renewed the practice of proclaiming a national day of Thanksgiving.
One major theme emerging from Mr. Bush's trip to Kiev, an ancient city dotted with golden-domed churches, was the key role of personal liberty in assuring the prosperity of a state.
The move follows the decision announced Thursday by Britain's chief scout, Garth Morrison, to admit girls.
"I would tell people I was a cameraman since I was also doing camera work.
Legislators said the media statute was modeled after similar legislation in several West European countries.
More money went into a bank in Durant.
Teacher union representatives left the governor's office without comment about 10:45 p.m. Tuesday following a second day of talks.
It was the third time Prime postponed the meeting, which previously had been scheduled for May 12 and June 15.
Separately, the stock exchange denied a report that it has assembled a published "league table" of firms with the highest number of unsettled transactions.
Consideration of additional steps to aid Poland has been prompted by two developments, the official said.
Judge Bork does reject the notion "that under the Ninth Amendment the court was free to make up more Bills of Rights."
For New Yorkers, losing the Post's gossipy Page Six would be like losing an institution.
"The police contacted us early yesterday because they said they had this address," First Lutheran Pastor Robb Grimm told The Miami Herald.
Permit me to discuss with you for a moment just what's at stake in this whole matter of the defense bill, and in doing so, it's important to begin with some historical background.
House prices have dropped by up to 40 per cent.
Even by Wall Street standards, the financial terms of Mr. Cohen's severance pact are eye-openers.
He is 62 years old and his knees ache.
"Current growth could fairly be described as profitless," the AEA said in a statement.
Members attending ANPA-TEC saw the difference and demonstrated an overwhelming preference for the Leaf." If an AP member newspaper does not want an AP Leaf Picture Desk, it may keep its present photo receiver or accept a two-minute receiver.
Both economists, along with many others, predict that capital spending may remain fairly sluggish in the months ahead, partly because of the tax-law changes.
It makes The Evil Dead look like Mrs Miniver.
First, he can broadly continue his programme - as Mr Boris Fyodorov, the finance minister, yesterday urged him to do by showing 'political will' in face of the nationalist surge.
Small investors should pick specialized stocks with strong earnings potential and hope that the dollar won't fall much lower than its recent level around 1.82 marks, analysts say.
The inflation rate will increase next year.
The principals of Providence, a group of alumni of Jefferies & Co., have likewise advised shareholders in numerous tilts against management.
And you also wrote off depreciation on the house while it doubled in market value.
"We are not hiding anything.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl said in an interview with the ARD television network that he was "alarmed" by the Republicans' showing in West Berlin.
Passenger luggage underwent double-checks, and the Kyodo News Service reported a security effort more intense than that at the Seoul Olympics.
The demonstrations have been held to mark the second anniversary of the Palestinian uprising against the Israeli ocupation of the West Bank of the Jordan River and Gaza Strip.
Soon, lawmakers began trying to remove other special funds _ covering money set aside for transportation, banking and other programs _ from the deficit computations.
The fragmentation was acceptable when Chicago stuck to beans and bellies, but it does not work in the era of index arbitrage, when traders simultaneously do business in multiple markets.
In Geneva, the International Red Cross today appealed for $357,000 to provide aid _ mostly food and medicines _ to earthquake victims.
In the football battle, the bickering sides will face off again soon in a Minneapolis federal court over the union's antitrust suit.
He said he later assembled the crew to tell them the news, which they took quietly.
The drug, which helps to boost a patient's immune system, was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in late February.
A&E has 15 episodes ready for air.
"Quit this damn hype" that all types of cholesterol are bad for everybody, Mineur told the committee.
Under Blue Arrow's sweetened bid made last month, Manpower holders are to receive $82.50 a share for their holdings, for a total price of $1.34 billion.
The Red Cross will provide "someone to talk to and some stress counseling," said spokeswoman Michele McCrillis.
With the prospect of war looming, the militia is reported to have been deployed in some numbers across Kuwait, occupying abandoned homes and government buildings.
Mr. Iacocca's first wife, Mary, died in 1983 at age 57 after an extended illness.
The commuter aircraft are expected to have an even sharper passenger growth from carrying 27 million people last year to carrying 58 million annually just before the turn of the century, according to the FAA's latest aviation forecasts.
Patrick Mphephu, 63, the president-for-life of Venda, died Monday.
Until the two smaller concerns get their designs off the ground, the Boeing plane will continue to enjoy its monopoly position.
Kurtiz Schneid, 16, said the success of the anti-plastics campaign led to formation of a West Milford ecology club and to new initiatives.
BANKERS Trust, the highly- regarded US banking group, suffered a 19 per cent fall in first-quarter earnings.
Shouting over the rumble of a dual carriageway, he talks almost exclusively about social issues, and the rising tide of petty crime which he links to the 9.9 per cent jobless rate. 'Everywhere you go, the most pressing problem is unemployment.
He said the power of the stations will be lowered, therefore lowering the electromagnetic emissions.
Zoos, exhibits and reptile breeders all over the United States and Canada are bidding for a 20-foot python found under a home after reportedly having slithered around the neighborhood for years.
Anti-war and anti-abortion activists are working together in some cases.
It also showed that Dukakis and Jackson each got about 40 percent support in New York City.
He was scheduled to go on trial Monday, but jury selection has been delayed.
The rate cut would be effective Dec. 19 for both types of savings accounts.
Do you happen to have money in a savings and loan?
Market watchers were reluctant to draw conclusions because trading volume remained light.
New York Stock Exchange volume averaged 195 million shares daily in the quarter.
For that reason, Mr. Bacon steers clear of calling them Ritzy Maes.
"My parents named me Peggy Sue, for God's sake.
PBGC lawyers said after the ruling that they would appeal to the U.S. District Court, where earlier in the day they had attempted unsuccessfully to have Judge Lifland's hearing delayed.
There was a sound-track by Sylvia Hallett hideously right for the event. The closing Corpus Antagonus was made by the admirable Russell Maliphant for Ricochet Dance.
Some partners are said to favor a stock offering while the market for such a new issue is still strong, sources at Goldman said.
This suggests that American businessmen don't share Mr. Hick's apocalyptic view of China's policies toward Hong Kong and its future.
Some estimates have placed the film's cost at $63 million.
French retail prices increased 2.1% in November from a year earlier and 0.1% from October, the National Statistics Institute said.
Humberto Ortega estimated the number of Contras in Nicaragua at 2,000 and the number in Honduran camps at 4,500, about one-quarter the number Contra leaders claim.
And Hispanics are awakening nationally as a political force.
The company publicized its high hopes in slick publications and news releases.
'The Dutch made a serious proposal to restructure La Seda, but it was not accepted and they just walked away,' Mr Negre says. VW is not walking away.
Sony rose 290 yen to 6600 yen ($2.22 to $50.56), Nintendo jumped 1400 yen to 22000 yen, and Kyocera gained 240 yen to 6460 yen.
Kottke, who often appeared on Keillor's radio show, "A Prairie Home Companion," is more upbeat than Keillor, kind of like an aging kid brother who veered off temporarily into Zen Buddhism somewhere back down the line.
They hide behind their anonymity, launching everything from trial balloons to false but fatal allegations.
Daily trading volume, which last month was valued at an average of $1.6 billion, plunged below $15 million on most sessions.
The MMC will report in the spring.
A Tampa Tribune sportswriter was arrested March 30 in what police said was a five-month investigation into a crack cocaine ring.
In exile in Bolivia and Argentina, Prestes became a Marxist and moved to the Soviet Union.
Both Goldman and Mr. Freeman began heavy buying of Beatrice shares and options after announcement of the bid.
Clerical and salaried workers are being offered incentives of from 12 top 65 weeks' pay, depending on seniority, to quit, said Brendan Houlihan, senior director for human resources.
How could it be otherwise in a society where so many are "latchkey" children, gathered with their elders only to eat and sleep?
Lions, not to mention unicorns, had better steer well clear of Britain if the pom population follows the lead of the Australians.
So I have an enormous anger and have to make a decision.
President Anwar Sadat expelled Moscow's military advisers in 1972, and Egypt since has become Washington's closest Arab ally.
Its turnover has dropped from Pounds 16.6m in 1988 to Pounds 10m last year following a worldwide slump in orders. The company has been run by a team of administrators from KPMG Peat Marwick for the past two months.
Then, as now, Americans said freedom of the seas was at stake.
Negotiations were to continue today on sick leave and other points.
A man convicted two years ago for landing a small plane on the Champs Elysees had his pilot's license suspended today for three years for flying 1,000 feet over Paris on a bet.
This rises to more than 8 times if about Pounds 3m gains from player sales, notably Paul Gascoigne, are deducted from the forecast.
About 400 firefighters and several archaeologists worked to contain the blaze Tuesday.
The renewed attention to generics stems from disclosures of improprieties that so far have been confined to a few generic drug makers and Food and Drug Administration employees but that some fear could be more widespread.
Two-way trade reached $4.9 billion in 1987 _ about 1.8 percent of Japan's trade _ and is expected to hit $4.98 billion this year.
Barbara Bush and Raisa Gorbachev flew ahead of their husbands to Camp David and were on hand to greet them amid a formal naval welcoming ceremony.
'With benefits, we enter a kind of crystal maze of traps, tapers, withdrawals and disregards,' says Mr Davies.
Last week, the Supreme Court left intact a preliminary injunction that barred Hallmark from selling 83 "Personal Touch" cards.
I think people should have a right to belong to a group." Strasser, 21, was a member of East Side White Pride, a group advocating white supremacy.
The borrowings are ultimately repaid from the cash flow of the companies or through sales of assets.
But for now, the prospect of the upcoming elections does little but complicate the already problematic task of reaching a budget compromise.
Burma's worst riots since democracy was overthrown 26 years ago have left at least 80 people dead this week, and unofficial reports said many victims were unarmed students and Buddhist monks.
A spokesman for the Dallas bank couldn't be reached for comment.
One said the specifics of its monitoring program were a closely kept secret.
Their anger over tax increases is matched by concern over crime and dismay over the state of the health and education services.
Central banks that bought dollars to halt the currency's slide ranged across the board, from the Bank of Italy to the central bank of Australia, said Marc Chandler, a currency analyst in Chicago for Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Mr. Gollust recently climbed Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania.
The office grew into a heavyweight in the 1970s, as then-booming oil prices poured billions into its coffers.
'You have to make sure they know they're important to you.
L. Harold DeWolf, later told me that Dr. King would telephone him in the midst of these crises, sometimes in the middle of the night.
She lived long enough to give police a description of her assailant.
"Maybe we overreacted when we shut down the plant," he said. "They only made it through one line of defense.
Caterpillar dipped 1 7/8 to 65 1/4 despite reporting a $118 million profit for the first quarter, compared with an $84 million loss a year earlier.
The prosecution has asked for a murder conviction against Hussein Hariri.
Meanwhile, foreign investors have been big sellers, while individuals have stepped up buying.
Kirby died two years after Bubba was taken, and Buddy recalls, "When we lost Bubba, he sulked so bad it was just like his life was gone."
U.N. peacekeepers are in charge of monitoring the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan, the Aug. 20 cease-fire between Iran and Iraq, the Cuban pullout from Angola and South Africa's exit from Namibia.
If the preliminary finding of fetal cells in mother's bloodstreams is confirmed, it should be possible to do the same kind of genetic tests on those fetal cells as are now done on fetal tissue samples obtained through amniocentesis.
The District of Columbia, whose minimum of $4.85 is the highest in the country, actually has seven other "minimum wages," all of which are lower than $4.85.
Fyodor Morgun, head of the State Committee for the Protection of Nature, has said that pollution levels in 102 Soviet cities affecting more than 50 million people are often 10 times higher than Soviet laws permit.
Today, a lot of children across America struggle with problems. With a little help from a good school or a great teacher, today's stuttering child could be tomorrow's keynote speaker _ today's potential dropout could become tomorrow's Thomas Edison.
If the agreement doesn't receive court approval, the company said it may be required to repay this advance under terms and conditions to be negotiated at a later date.
The official emphasized that the banks made a new application to the central bank, which customarily oversees their quarterly lending levels, but that approval is pending.
The committee also wants the holders to have the right to call shareholder meetings whenever it wants.
Once the August crude contract pushed above the $17.30-a-barrel barrier, the market "just jerked" higher, said analyst James Steel at Refco Inc.
At the time, ADN said he was suffering from an "acute gallbladder ailment," but made no other mention of Honecker's condition until today's report.
I remember particularly the line that goes 'you can't go to jail for what you're thinking'.
The Independent Electoral Commission, which managed South Africa's national and regional poll last April, has recommended to the government it urgently implement a set of electoral reforms.
In mice, an average of about eight live animals are born for every 20 micro-injected embryos.
Palapa B-4, with another 24 channels, should prove a good source of revenue as each can be leased for at least $1 million a year.
Utility and state officials say new technology to burn high-sulfur coal cleanly won't be ready by Bush's deadline, and that power plants would have to switch to expensive low-sulfur coal mined elsewhere.
Send "How I Got Into College" a thin letter.
None of this would bind the Soviets, of course, since it wouldn't be a formal treaty.
The violence broke out a day after Israel launched a crackdown on the uprising by ordering 10 Palestinians deported after accusing them of planning a series of anti-Israeli attacks and riots.
Silver was quoted in London at a bid price of $6.22 a troy ounce, unchanged from late Monday.
In this case, Larry's story checked out.
Gold trading was halted on Good Friday.
Imperial Savings Association, a unit of Imperial Corp. of America, said it sold $100 million of 9.375% collateralized notes in what it says was the first such transaction secured by high-yielding corporate debt known as junk bonds.
Because of just-in-time delivery, the UAW can shut down assembly plants, some of which have more than 5,000 workers, by striking a critical parts plant that employs far fewer people.
I'm not sitting by the telephone." Kemp, addressing Republican delegates on the convention's opening night Monday, pledged to continue the Reagan revolution.
Both Merrill Lynch and Mr. Matl settled the agency's charges without admitting or denying any wrongdoing.
He is saying the right things.
Prudential responded on Thursday afternoon by notifying Aetna Centre's tenants that it was seizing all rents from the property. The move to assign rents appears to have caught O&Y by surprise.
In none of the three areas in which it operates is it on a par with Europe's leaders.
Wright is chairman of the national convention in Atlanta and as such will attract lots of national television time during the three-day gathering.
Reagan administration budget requests for the agency declined from $51 million in 1982 to $41 million in 1989.
Another bill extends the statute of limitations for shareholder suits.
And it is pretty awe-inspiring.
The archbishop persuaded the youths to call off a planned march from a high school to a police station, where they intended to demand the release of several students and teachers detained in recent weeks.
He was that way before, and why I don't quite know," said Corlies Smith, who was instrumental in publishing one of Pynchon's first stories in the early 1960s.
Saudi Arabia, Venezuela and other oil-producing countries are against drastic price rises, arguing that they would "suffer the consequences (later)," Perez said.
The other eight had opened for 'slicing' the previous week and the extraction process was already well under way.
Mr. Baker drew scorn from some Wall Street types for his careless comments on the dollar immediately before the market crash.
Some feel the momentum of accusation and tension between the United States and Libya will be difficult to stop.
As for Unilever, it had obviously failed to anticipate how violently P&G would react and how ill-equipped it was to handle the onslaught. Until the end of May the Anglo-Dutch company just about managed to hold its own with consumers.
(The Kabul government) has been rejected by the people of Afghanistan," he was quoted as saying by the official Pakistani news agency APP.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Circus Circus shares fell 62.5 cents to close at $24.875.
A witness with a videocamera filmed the attack, which appeared unprovoked.
"It's employees like these who make our guests feel safe," she said.
His insistence that electronic rather than human exploration is the wave of the future brought him into conflict with the group manning Alvin, the famous miniature submarine.
Federally mandated improvements in benefits account for very little of the increase, they said.
"When something is that widespread and popular, it's difficult to attack it successfully," he said.
Many Wisconsin communities canceled fireworks because of the fire danger, so more than 580,000 people jammed Milwaukee's Lake Michigan shore Sunday for a 4,000-shell display.
Paramount's lawyers accused me of being a crybaby because I had signed such a lousy contract.
After the delay, John Paul chatted with the king and other members of the royal family for 10 minutes.
For Japan's trade with the Common Market and Asian countries, the gold factor makes less difference, but again the trend is to balance.
And to hunt down those bears that nevertheless remain destructive, the authorities are increasingly giving special permits to sport hunters, leaving less work for professional hunters like Mr. Paque.
Allegheny International Inc. said Thursday it will move Sunbeam's headquarters from the Chicago area to the offices of its Oster appliance unit in Milwaukee, where office rent is cheaper.
Daiei said it will soon sign an agreement with Visa International allowing it to issue an internationally recognized credit card.
They sing clever things _ "I Thought He Was Mr. Right, But He Left" _ and wear a lot of animal prints and semi-naughty corsets.
He was born into the church, but he said few are, only about 10 percent.
IBM, three times the size of its closest rival, has been the most spectacular victim of the changes.
"By being baptized, you will be saved," Swaggart said as Matthew Aaron fidgeted beside him.
A grand jury may be asked to investigate possible criminal wrongdoing related to last week's crash of the Boeing 737-400 at the end of a LaGuardia Airport runway that killed two passengers, according to a source in the Queens district attorney's office.
In a poll by the respected Wickert Institute, 82 percent of the 2,710 West Germans surveyed said they want all military air shows stopped.
"With more single-parent households, more working mothers, and more children in poverty, school lunches are more important than ever," the Citizens' Commission on School Nutrition said.
Less than a mile north, Mirage Resorts Inc. plans to raise a $300 million pirate-theme Treasure Island casino for more budget-minded customers.
The racial difference in cervical cancer rates is "substantial and persistent," the Atlanta-based CDC said.
Trading was especially volatile in Tokyo after Monday's near-record drop.
"When I shot from the hip, I fanned.
What saved many farmers from a bad year was the opportunity to reclaim large quantities of grain and other crops that they had "mortgaged" to the government under price-support loan programs.
Along with property, it also created a new screen-based futures market for arabica coffee.
A Generali spokesman said it hadn't any hostile intentions against Midi, but that it would have the financial "capacity" to buy an additional stake.
Pepper had represented the 18th district since it was created in 1962.
The issue of a trustee who would assume control of the airline from Texas Air Chairman Frank Lorenzo was at the heart of the collapse of Ueberroth's $464 million deal to buy Eastern.
It suffered no casualties in the first attack July 7. But its British captain and two Filipino crewmen were killed in a Jan. 28 raid, when the Salverve was towing a tanker damaged in an Iraqi air strike the day before.
"They have periods of six, eight, 12 hours of intense restlessness based on anxiety," Predescu said.
"With the trademark question out of the way, this allowed us to launch ourselves into the market," Diez said.
Bottles of volatile chemicals shook off their shelves and started a fire that gutted part of the science building.
Calculate it as a percentage of the bid price.
Sometimes small children travelled alone to join parents or other kinfolk.
"If the Merc closes down at night and allows Tokyo and London to establish markets in its commodities, it might decline faster," said Paul Tattersall, executive vice president for Globex, which intends to start by next summer.
Despite a strengthening of the dollar over the yen yesterday, investors apparently are confident that the yen is on a firming trend, observers said.
Japanese studies in the 1970s suggested that this overgrowth of blood vessels could be halted and the eye allowed to develop normally if the sclera, the white of the eye, is frozen briefly.
Half that capital must be 'tier 1', shareholders' equity; the other half is 'tier 2', such as subordinated debt. Ten years ago, when the capital standard was first proposed, Japanese banks had tier 1 ratios of about 2 1/2 per cent.
IMA also has agreed to assume $1.42 billion in debt, giving the acquisition a total indicated value of about $3.35 billion.
Earnings for the sector known as the individual bank rose 49% in the quarter to $130 million.
Scientists are trying to determine how to counter bone marrow depletion, which results from prolonged space flight.
He said flood damage from a dam break on the pond, which has a capacity of 23 million gallons, could be greater than the risks posed by toxic substances.
Two-thirds of the songs on the juke box are by Sinatra.
To say that one move will lead to another is a familiar method for blocking moral progress.
If they deserve punishment, they should be punished."
Its sole merit as a potential party of government is that it has not been discredited by appearing to rot after too long a period in office.
Yesterday's announcement surprised and disappointed analysts.
The Biennale gets no money from the NEA.
A guard at the Sears department store that anchors one end of the mall said guards from the store chased the boy after Monday evening's shooting, but he escaped.
Zayre said its discount store sales were "well ahead of last year" but it said sales were still "substantially short of our expectations, both for the year and the Christmas season."
In December alone, industrial production rose 0.3% from a year earlier and a seasonally adjusted 2.9% from November, the ministry said.
Executives speculate that between six and ten licenses will be awarded.
Six Indian-made satellites have been sent into orbit by space agencies in the Soviet Union, United States and Europe.
It also shut down an Ohio Edison Co. substation, cutting power to 4,170 residential and business customers, said spokesman Bud Carter.
"All the checks will be delivered today," said Evansville Postmaster Ed Hayes.
It's hard to describe, but once you get to fooling with them, you realize they are very responsive birds.
Israel has resisted both demands and Shamir's caretaker government has even stepped up settlement construction in recent weeks.
"My hat's off to him.
Mr. Mulroney told reporters Saturday that he remains confident that the Conservatives will win the election.
When Mr. Kozol simply lets these people tell their stories the effect is, as it could hardly fail to be, very moving.
South Korean President Roh Tae-woo left for San Francisco Sunday, saying that his talks with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev would open a new era in relations between the two once hostile nations.
"I'm sorry it happened," he said. "It tears me up." The shooting of an opposition politician on the eve of the first multiparty elections in Soviet Georgia has created an atmosphere of fear and acrimony in this republic.
Did Elder accept the criticism?
BTR rose two pence to 337 pence.
Yair Klein's firm, Hod Hahanit, or Spearhead, advertised in the Spanish-language edition of the directory in 1988, a year before Mr. Klein was accused of training Colombian drug warriors.
The results announced Monday came as little surprise to analysts, who predicted a large loss back in November after Lockheed announced it would take a $300 million write-off because of unexpected design changes on a new Navy plane.
West Roxbury is a predominantly white neighborhood and one of the more affluent sections of Boston.
He said that one of Mission Insurance's major creditors, M.J. Whitman & Co., New York, is also a partner in Kramer Capital.
Commerce Bancorp Inc. said it executed an agreement to acquire Citizens State Bank for about $10 million.
It doesn't take much to create a crowd in Beijing, they said.
He said he planned to keep the property as is.
CMS dropped its payout in 1984.
Rebel leaders say that amounts to a call for surrender.
Building permits, considered a good sign of future activity, fell 8.2 percent in January to an annual rate of 1.25 million units, the lowest level for permits since January 1985.
Several analysts suggested that if the trade deficit for August narrowed to less than $14 billion, the dollar could be buoyed against other currencies, further depressing precious metal prices.
Mr Whittaker feared some members of a 20-bank consortium would have wanted unacceptable conditions to renegotiate Peel's debt. Although Peel has cash of Pounds 109m from Pounds 200m of property sales in the past 12 months, it has Pounds 336m of debts.
But hours earlier banking officials scrambled to explain Dimauro's news release.
The thinking behind a possible merger of the main Swedish, Dutch and Swiss telecoms operators has merit.
'What we are seeing is the Labour party doing well enough in the south and south-west at our expense and making it possible for the Conservatives to hang on.
Democrats - Aspin, Y; Kastenmeier, Y; Kleczka, N; Moody, N; Obey, Y.
But he called that unlikely.
But by law his family is entitled to part of it.
Canadian National Railways, the Canadian government-owned railway company, agreed to sell its Newfoundland telephone utility to Newfoundland Telephone Co. for 170 million Canadian dollars (US$138.6 million).
"Many people have asked me if I am angry at the way I have been treated by the school.
St. Croix is at least 75% black, and the looting seems to have been a very understandable attempt by the black poor to get a more equitable distribution of the island's resources.
But some analysts, particularly conservative legal scholars, have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto.
But Merck spokesman said Gary Bruell said Recombivax costs between $128 and $148, "and thus our price is comparable."
Then they spent $1 million in seven days, and got the job done with less than 24 hours to spare.
The styles are designed for her age group.
The execution was carried out in July 1941, Truhar said.
The statement added that the officials "re-emphasized their common interest in more stable exchange rates" and "they agreed to cooperate closely on exchange markets."
Mesa's general partner, T. Boone Pickens Jr., said the change to a corporation should help attract institutional investors and encourage investors to value the company based on its natural gas reserves rather than on its dividend yield.
They were turned back at the border, their disappointment aggravated by blistering heat, she said.
Many grain traders had expected the Soviet Union to use its first batch of credit guarantees to buy primarily corn and soybeans to feed livestock.
"It's the most fantastic thing I've ever seen," he said.
This compares with a 1.5% drop in wholesale energy prices in March 1989 from the year-earlier period.
Roger F. Bacon for promotion to vice admiral and assignment as commander of Atlantic Fleet Submarine Forces, and Rear Adm.
The brokers' main argument is that the new warrants provide more leverage than the older ones.
"You can't assemble it gradually," he said. "You can't have the carburetor working while the starter is idle.
Eastwood, known for his tough-guy roles in such films as "Dirty Harry" and "Sudden Impact," was fined $53 and ordered to pay $10 in costs.
The prime minister-designate met Saturday with Socialists, Republicans, Liberals, Social Democrats and his own Christian Democrats to agree on a program and a list of cabinet ministers for what would be Italy's 47th postwar government.
Instead, Mr. Bush said a sequester would cause big cuts in "student grants and a wide array of other domestic services." Student grants?
Monohan said there was "absolutely no evidence" that the buzzer had been disconnected, and said nurses responded in "15 to 20 seconds" after they heard Ms. Seitz's screams.
"We have a tremendous bonding with these veterans," Timperi says. "There's a very strong sense of common experience.
For the first time in memory, more people wanted a new person than chose to retain the incumbent.
But converts to the bullish view are slow in coming.
By comparison, the government's import promotion plan, unveiled with much fanfare at the beginning of the year, promises to increase imports by only about $3 billion a year.
It was expected to produce heavy snow during the weekend in the mountains of Washington, Oregon and northern California.
"If he had shaken hands with Mayor Clark he would have had to jump over the podium and would have dragged me with him, because I was tugging on his coattails," said Miss Royals.
Its directors intend to restructure Texaco as soon as the company comes out of bankruptcy-law proceedings, a source close to Texaco said.
By the beginning of the 20th century, the development of modern skis made the Saint Bernard's snow-trampling skills obsolete.
"In cases of clear crimes, party people will be punished.
The complaint filed by Kathleen Nunes, a three-year employee of Great Expectations Inc., alleged the service taped its clients as they talked about past romances, and used the recordings in sales pitches.
To take the case of Atlanta, seven Japanese banks have set up offices in the city since 1983, joining a Bank of Tokyo operation opened in 1977.
Mr Sharif had been seeking to remove the presidential powers which Mr Khan used to dismiss him, as well to eject Ms Bhutto's government in 1990. Mr Sharif described the judgment as an important milestone in Pakistan's history.
While happy his network was second this season in the Nielsen ratings, with an average, prime-time rating of 13.7 to CBS' 13.5, Stoddard said the performance really was "not that terrific."
Here's a bunch of turtles that were blown up when they removed the rigs."
Coors has run out of capacity at its only brewery and will struggle this year to meet consumer demand for its fastgrowing Coors Light and its new, popular-priced Keystone.
Next week, the Treasury will unveil the most ambitious plan for restructuring the banking system since the New Deal, a proposal to shore up the deposit-insurance fund, streamline regulation and expand bank powers.
For all of 1990, Burlington Northern's net fell 2.9% to $236 million, or $3.07 a share, from $243 million, or $3.19 a share.
The service included readings by classmates of Diane and Rick, and presentations of symbolic gifts.
Fire department spokeswoman Carolina de Leon said the bus was on its way from the capital to Antigua when the driver made a sharp turn to avoid another vehicle.
Income growth slipped from 6.5 percent to 6 percent in the Mid-Atlantic states.
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 98 15/32 compared with 98 18/32 Wednesday.
Syrian and Christian gunners on Saturday fought their fiercest artillery duels in a month around Beirut and the surrounding mountains.
'We will just plod on and prove to everyone that we have a group where growth can be sustained.' The interim dividend is raised by nearly 50 per cent to 2.8p (1.875p) 'reflecting our confidence in the future,' Mr Barker said.
Their legitimacy as leaders rests on their ability to ease living conditions in the territories, and in moving towards Palestinian self-determination.
His spokesman, Erik Senstad, said: "We want NATO to stay the way it is, with Germany as a member." _ French officials are staying out of public debate on details of NATO's future.
But "the U.S. economy is still soft," he said.
The group would be modeled after one established in 1985 to promote bank-fraud prosecutions, said William Hendricks III, head of the department's fraud section.
Police said a police brigadier and lieutenant who chanced by on another security mission tried to chase the running gunman, but he killed the brigadier and badly wounded the lieutenant.
Rowan reported on the president's comments during an interview on WUSA-TV in Washington on Monday evening.
Prices have never swung as wildly as the new limits would allow them to swing, and exchange officials emphasized they are not trying to predict the size of the swings that would be possible during a sudden oil emergency.
He seems a resourceful man, who would not be caught out by the playful antics of his young vixen; a degree of mature wisdom, of worldly depth is missing.
Mike Kampsen, 33, organized the concert in part to please his father, Herman, a longtime Cash fan who sings with a local band called Country Cruisin'.
But sources at the company say Paramount would more likely consider buying some publishing assets from whatever entity buys all of Harcourt.
I don't know what will happen when we are put to the test. What does 1992 mean for Spain? It is profoundly important.
Canada's telecommunications-equipment maker is encountering the same problem that AT&T has found in the U.S. equipment market: slow growth.
However, traders said, steel shares generally remained strong as expectations of a discount-rate increase faded because of a decline in Japan's September wholesale price index.
Because voice messaging can forward calls to be recorded if a subscriber's line is busy, company officials say they expect the new service will eliminate the need for answering machines, which do not have that capability.
This is essentially the strip of rubber that molds a sole to the shoe's upper, but Nike argued that its new technology is fundamentally different and not covered by the law.
Under the plan announced last month in Ottawa, the two Germanys will first discuss their common approach to unification and submit that to the four World War II allies.
Washington, whose own normalization of relations with China was in part spurred by common concern over the Soviet military threat, has welcomed the Sino-Soviet rapprochement, saying it will ease tensions.
"Animal control said the caiman variety was illegal to possess in the United States," the deputy said.
The remaining operators will undergo an "extensive assessment process" to determine whether they are qualified to return to their jobs, the company said.
Turkey approved the proposal a few weeks ago, he said.
A New World spokesman declined to comment.
Every boards' compensation committee opens with: "Here is a graph of the compensation of the 50 largest companies in America, and our sterling CEO is in the third quartile."
They met Lhasa's only outgoing flight each morning and intercepted the few dozen passengers in hopes of obtaining updates on conditions in the city.
So far, all but a handful of UAW local leaders have refused to ask their members to take vacations en masse during a scheduled two-week shutdown to begin July 20.
A six-page manual advises that when an alarm sounds, people should stay calm, gather essentials, lock their homes and head away from the radiation source without speeding.
But unlike other issues on Capitol Hill, when it comes to arms sales to Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries, there is no perceived middle ground.
Abdul Haq Ulumi of the Afghan supreme military council said last week the Soviets were supplying with new MiG-29 fighters and the latest Sukhoi-27 ground attack jets to defend against a possible Pakistani attack.
We consider it not only reprehensible but a punishable offense to insult in any way the human dignity of the inmates."
"I have a good head and a good pair of hands.
Now, Avaray's new marketing agent says that all but one house in the development have been sold.
The government thwarted students' attempts to march to the bordertruce village of Panmunjom for a meeting with North Korean students June 10, when more than 10,000 students clashed with riot police.
A spokeswoman for Shearson Lehman Hutton said the merged firms won't be hurt by the matter, which involves the sale of municipal bonds in the early 1980s.
Some of this furniture is on show, but the great Pugin sideboard was destroyed in the Windsor fire of 1992. Pugin's early passion for the Gothic was not a stylistic obsession but a conviction that Gothic was an architecture of principle.
"I get to sing and dance a little," said McShane. "I do a thing with the cane and hat.
Soviet authorities have come under considerable criticism for lack of organization in the quake relief efforts, but many of the area's leaders died or wandered in shock for days after crawling out of the rubble to find their families gone.
"If he lost it all in the futures market, it will be very difficult to pay back," said John Morland, vice president and deputy general counsel of Freddie Mac, which has initiated a civil suit in an effort to recover the money.
"They hear the bell ringing and get up and run." Mr. Gargano, once part of a high-profile group of advertising whiz kids, at 58 years old remains one of the best-known names in the ad business.
The couple divorced in January 1988 and Mrs. Roush was given custody of the daughter.
B.A.T shares were trading below 600 pence as recently as four months ago.
Only 600 have been accounted for, Meisinger said.
The refund plan must still be approved by the bankruptcy court.
Walesa was scheduled to stay in Venezuela for three days to attend the labor summit and meet Venezuelan political leaders.
The most famous State Department spy case involved Alger Hiss, convicted in 1950 of lying to Congress about passing secrets to Whittaker Chambers.
The company cited higher costs of parts and materials, higher interest expense and lower earnings by Brazilian affiliates.
It would trade the fully deployed Soviet SS-24 mobile-missile system for the unbuilt rail-mounted MX missile.
When he didn't collect enough signatures, he went to court.
The Alliance won more than 18 per cent of the popular vote in November, but only two seats.
The state has seized some of Walker's property, including two sterling silver decorative saddles valued at $100,000 apiece.
So they've issued different classes of stock with voting rights that puts most power in family hands.
Not so long ago, the wealthy liked to show off their household help and well-run homes.
Output by government industry is down about 30 percent.
Soviet rock star Victor Tsoi, lead singer of the popular group Kino, was killed in a car crash while returning from a fishing trip in Latvia, the Tass news agency reported Thursday.
I had to figure these things out like any other American, by studying his speeches and reading the newspapers," Regan writes.
The rise in foreign tourism is due largely to the weak dollar, which has doubled the buying power of the Japanese yen and West German mark since early 1985.
Included among them were Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas, who was insisting on votes on proposals to toughen sentences for drug offenders convicted of dealing with children, and to deny many federal benefits to some people found guilty of drug sales.
Longworth D. Quinn, chief judge of Detroit's 36th District Court and son of the longtime editor and publisher of the Michigan Chronicle, has died at age 46, apparently a suicide, police say.
One probable loser as a result of the transaction is St. Louis-based Monsanto Co., currently the biggest supplier of ABS-based plastics to GE's $4.7 billion major-appliance business.
The Wellcome-Genentech dispute may have important repercussions for other products and companies in the fledgling market for genetically engineered drugs.
It is the story of Ralph Houk, who replaced the legendary Casey Stengel at the helm.
Key to the financing's success is Prudential Insurance Co. of America, which is considering taking well over a quarter of the securities, sources said.
The July monthly consumer price rise in Mexico _ 1.0 percent _ was the lowest so far this year, according to Thursday news reports.
President Bush ordered U.S. forces to Saudi Arabia to repel a potential Iraqi attack.
The award was in Gau Shan's favour.
Biomedical products had an operating loss of $8 million, compared with operating income of $8 million.
He later converted to her religion.
The letter pushed by Dukakis and Schaefer went beyond a milder mention that Republican Gov. Terry Branstad, outgoing chairman of the governors' organization, and Gardner made in a letter to Bush before the meeting.
Grain and soybean futures prices were slightly higher in early trading today on the Chicago Board of Trade, reflecting stronger cash markets for soybeans and improved foreign demand for U.S. grains.
As the year started, it suggested that aggressive small investors be 95% invested in stocks.
Once more the target date for final ratification has been postponed; by now it is clear that all target dates are largely fictitious; once more the government is using the Danes as an excuse for running away from the treaty.
And I don't think it's going to happen, because I think he is aware, as I am, that rates reduced actually increase the economic growth of the country and provide an incentive for more earnings.
Nonetheless, the company continues to expect that 1990 earnings per share will be in the range of $2.80, Moritz said.
Edward Solbach said more than 300 soldiers have received sposors, and more volunteers are expected to sign up.
The government later raised it to 25 percent effective May 15.
Works councils at Fiat's Italian vehicle plants have endorsed overwhelmingly a complex government-sponsored agreement avoiding large job losses.
At issue is a pollution-exclusion clause standard in most general-liability policies from 1973 to 1986.
The meeting at a resort hotel near Victoria Falls was the first state visit by a South African leader to Zambia, which accommodates the headquarters of the African National Congress guerrilla movement.
For the past seven years the GOP has been riding Ronald Reagan's popularity, and the president's standing slipped this year despite a temporary spurt during the recent summit with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev.
One of the lab industry's most persistent critics, Rep. Ron Wyden (D., Ore.) blamed much of the problem on the Reagan administration.
"American troops will be entering a quagmire more complex than Vietnam," said Kevin Zeese, vice president of the Drug Policy Foundation, a Washington think tank that emphasizes the economic and social issues behind the drug problem.
Vatican spokesmen said John Paul was reflecting concerns of Indonesia's Catholic bishops about two proposed laws the church considers unconstitutional.
These catalogs offered a limited selection of merchandise and made shopping easy by taking orders round-the-clock on toll-free telephone lines.
"He was having a tough time, almost from the beginning in terms of pressures, leaks and innuendo about his skills and his relationship with the president.
Iran did not provide an estimate of the damage suffered, according to E. Safavi, a spokesman for the Iranian Embassy in The Hague.
The cost of a costume is so high, they can't afford to take part," said Rio City Councilman Sergio Cabral.
As the report made clear, this was a charge made against the government rather than a statement of fact.
Demand is expected to remain flat, but analysts said the numbers don't presage an industry recession.
Most of the troops in the south sympathize with the Syrian-backed Shiite Amal militia, which has been fighting with the fundamentalist, Iranian-backed Hezbollah, or Party of God, since mid-1987.
Atwater also has been receiving physical therapy and undergoing daily radiation treatments.
That, combined with lower prices, could get GNP back up to zero growth during the first quarter of 1991, he says.
Closer federal supervision is needed to avoid a savings-and-loan style crisis among government-sponsored enterprises providing low-cost loans to home buyers, farmers and students, congressional auditors said Wednesday.
Japan is nearing completion of a package to assist the multinational blockade of Iraq, and it will include sending medical personnel and financial assistance to the Middle East, government officials said today.
Still, many schools, despite shrinking budgets, appear increasingly eager to bring multimedia into classrooms.
Integrated Resources Inc., a struggling financial concern, was dealt another blow when Whitehall Financial Group said it could not obtain financing to buy Integrated's core financial services businesses.
Intelsat's board of governors authorized the rescue attempt during a weeklong meeting in Barbados that ended Wednesday.
Mr. O'Shields remains a director of Panhandle.
It was reduced last week to eight counts when U.S. District Judge Bruce S. Jenkins dismissed a conspiracy charge.
Lawyers for the family and the church won't discuss the dollar figure but say it is less than the German foundation originally agreed to pay for the single manuscript.
But last week, it quietly unveiled new Kent ads that are brightly colored drawings of couples on a beach and at a lighthouse.
Although values have declined as much as 30% in some markets, only a small portion of this decline has been either written down or covered by loan-loss reserves.
According to market sources, yesterday's big block took some unhappy institutional investors out of the stock, cleared out the underwriters' leftovers and put the shares in the hands of investors who saw them as an attractive value at 14 1/2.
William G. Scheerer was named a director of this maker of electronic test systems, filling a vacancy.
"Even if they kill all the hostages there on the plane, we'll never, ever release the killers who are here in Kuwait," he added, referring to the hijackers' demand for the freedom of 17 convicted terrorists.
Reagan is now trying to claim that "the public interest, all of a sudden, favors non-disclosure when a criminal defendant's right to liberty is at stake," said Poindexter's lawyers.
When he first ran for the state Senate in 1969, Wilder was chiefly known only as a criminal trial lawyer in Richmond.
Ortega, asked if moving up elections implied he would hand over power before the end of his term, said: "Power resides in the people.
The officials, who spoke today on condition of anonymity, said at least 2,000 civilians died in the fighting that pits Tamil separatists against the Sinhalese-dominated government.
Some countries may keep spending up because of regional problems.
Count Blasius Strassnitzky is, for my money, Mr. Helprin's most marvelous invention.
With the economy sluggish, incentives are likely to persist, Garretty said.
Fried chicken king Al Copeland may resume his $290 million takeover attempt against Church's Fried Chicken, a federal appeals court ruled.
According to Stephen Goldsbrough, chairman of the Canal Boat Builders Association, the market is growing at a pace to make the recession-hit marine industry envious.
A federal Marine Mammal Commission probe found no major problems with the center's program or dolphin deaths in the past 13 months. That probe was initiated because of reports in 1988 that 13 dolphins in the Navy had died between 1986 and 1988.
A 2-foot metal rod accidentally put in upside-down caused the flaw in the Hubble Space Telescope's primary mirror, NASA investigators said Thursday.
Whittall has been chairman for 11 years.
Connolly's final twist of the knife was his remark that Housman 'will live as long as the BBC'; but it begins to look as if Housman will be the more enduring of the two.
Weakness in government bond prices, reflecting underlying worries over interest rate prospects, wore down the UK equity market towards the close of yesterday's trading session.
State Police impounded the suicide machine, but Circuit Judge Alice Gilbert on Wednesday denied Thompson's request for an order barring further use of the device.
The acquisition is subject to approval by the Federal Communications Commission.
For example, pesticide savings were only $6.74 per acre in the North Carolina piedmont, but were $24.97 per acre in the South Carolina piedmont.
Guild members voted by a larger than 20-1 margin last week for the authorization after contract talks that began nearly a year ago failed to result in an agreement.
Grain and soybean futures opened narrowly mixed today on the Chicago Board of Trade in a calm follow-through to the previous session's early run-up and late sell-off.
'It's nothing short of organised barbarity.' The RSPCA has visited six abattoirs in Spain with the same methods in use at all of them.
But "even with the recalcitrant ones," said Lowrance, "when it hits their pocketbook, they are going to become recyclers." As it is now, many communities go to great lengths to dump their garbage.
"The next stage is to diversify within asset classes, and that process is well under way." Public pension funds, however, raised the portion of their portfolios invested in stocks to 40.1% in 1991, from an unusually low 36.9% in 1990.
Tehran dropped the precondition of branding Iraq the aggressor.
He returned to the United States on Tuesday, and with a lawyer from the group Citizen Soldier, made the rounds of Washington news offices.
The FCC's waiver gave the companies 18 months to comply with federal cross-ownership rules that generally prohibit one company from owning multiple media outlets in one area.
"Once the borrowers knows they are dealing with the government, the likelihood of delinquency increases tremendously," he said.
And work to reconstruct the fields is getting under way.
The FDIC already has made an initial loan of $1 billion to First RepublicBank, pending a longer-term recapitalization plan.
Federated spokesman Jim Sluzewski said late Wednesday evening he did not know when a decision would be announced.
It could conceivably be that the intimidating presence of Postel may have deterred bidders from making themselves known before.
In a recent meeting, he told U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter that he has three priorities in the trade conference: "Lamb, lamb and lamb."
A new advertising agency was hired, the dealer network was revamped and a new marketing strategy crafted.
Bush, offering no new specifics, outlined to the Family Motor Coach Association the environmental proposals he has submitted to Congress.
"The Iranians have scrupulously avoided direct military confrontation with the U.S. and will likely continue to do so," says Gary Sick, a Middle East expert who served on President Carter's National Security council staff.
Many like knowing where their kids are and believe strongly that a job, even if it is only flipping hamburgers at a fast-food joint, builds character and teaches good work habits.
Houses could avoid any party ban just as many have gone around another recent rule prohibiting buying kegs of beer with a house check, he said.
"Moslems and Christians starve alike.
It was the third "captive carry flight test" for Pegasus, which remains attached to the jet during such tests.
It is really the most remarkable thing to see one of this country's major political parties espousing such a vision in the late 20th century.
Apply a spritz of foot deodorant or antifungal powder to keep feet dry and prevent odor or athlete's foot.
Yet ultimately, the president's best hopes may lie in the deferential attitude of many Serbian voters, who have succumbed to his propaganda before and may be persuaded that whatever 'Slobo' says, goes.
Test equipment the Air Force uses to determine the effectiveness of radar-warning receivers and other electronics on tactical fighters has been faulty and unreliable, a new report says.
Milken's lawyers characterized the six felony counts to which he pleaded guilty as aberrations in an otherwise exemplary career.
Applicants for casino licenses in New Jersey must undergo intense scrutiny of personal and financial affairs by state regulators.
For companies that defer ad costs, the new accounting rule will lower profits.
General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. said Wednesday they sold cars and light trucks at an average daily rate of 41,487 during the April 21-30 period this year compared with a rate of 42,772 during the same time last year.
Both the U.S. Surgical and Johnson & Johnson devices are for use in laparoscopic surgery, or surgery that requires only a small surface incision in the skin.
Col. North testified yesterday that he was discouraged by prospects for the initiative in late January 1986, and that Mr. Ghorbanifar, sensing that the sales might fall through, offered the ex-aide a $1 million bribe if he would pursue the policy.
Still, that would trail pre-recession hiring; 66% of the employers say the recession isn't over.
Denmark rejection of the Maastricht treaty will come as a shock to European currency and bond markets which have been priming themselves for an opposite result since the middle of last week.
The $280 million offering will consist of $55 million of traditional tax-exempt munis, $200 million of bonds subject to the so-called alternative minimum tax and $26 million of fully taxable bonds.
The reports on Sunday said Anna Bonomi Bolchini, financier and member of a noted Milanese family, was told that because of her age she would not be jailed while the probe continues but instead must report once a week to Milan police.
The report is entitled "Pulling Together: A Program for America in the United Nations."
It also has a top ticket price of $55.
Indeed, the band had learned all the songs on Michael Jackson's "Bad" album, a special favorite of the Princess of Wales, but decided hits like "Dirty Diana" weren't quite right for the occasion.
On Monday, long lines of would-be voters were lined up at registration centers to beat the deadline.
Meanwhile, central banks stayed out of the foreign exchange market, traders said, because demand for the dollar is just too strong and widespread for intervention to have much impact.
Since most going concerns are worth more than the value of their underlying assets, most corporate acquisitions involve some good will.
No notification was ever considered, officials said, apparently because the U.S. didn't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega, but merely sought to imprison him.
Standard & Poor's Corp. said it lowered to single-B-minus from double-B-plus its rating on the company's $57.5 million of 6.5% convertible subordinated debentures due 2011.
Common Cause, which is seeking new restrictions on political action committee donations, said House incumbents had reaped nearly $70 million in PAC money in 1989 and the first nine months of 1990.
Heimbaugh resigned from the sheriff's department and works as a cab driver and bartender in San Francisco.
Important issues remain to be resolved this summer when Congress debates the regulatory framework of the privatized financial system. Some politicians want tight limits on the bank stock holdings of individual investors.
As Millamant rejects him, she laughs and says 'What would you give that you could help loving me?'; and he replies 'I would give something that you did not know I could not help it.'
Peter Beutel, who specializes in energy for Elders Futures Inc., said heating oil demand has risen as temperatures have dropped. Colder weather is occurring in the United States and in Europe.
Some experts believe that a surplus of carbon dioxide is causing the Earth to slowly overheat, and they warn that such a change could disrupt the global climate.
He is currently appealing against his conviction and sentence. He was convicted for conspiring to defraud the Revenue of Pounds 55m in corporation tax by helping artificially to inflate freight charges for Nissan cars imported from Japan.
Regulators have about 1,000 banks with $100 billion in assets on their "problem" list.
On Monday, the Tennessee senator met with New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, who said some nice things about him but didn't endorse him.
The public controversy over bST is unusual because the FDA does not normally discuss the merits of products before they are approved.
Rollie Estabillio, spokesman for the airline, said the four are believed to be members of a breakaway Palestine Liberation Organization faction led by Abu Musa, who is supported by Syria and Libya.
In another report, the Commerce Department said new single-family homes sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 713,000 units in August, up 0.1 percent from July and unchanged from June.
The movie only hints at what drives Patti to the road and the grungy gigs that sustain her.
The executive office, which includes NCR's chairman and president, Charles E. Exley Jr., sets general corporate strategy and policy.
But that agreement did not preclude investors from suing their brokers.
In New York, a dollar bought 151.15 yen, down from 151.70 yen late Friday.
"We believe Ambassador Glaspie is an outstanding professional," Fitzwater said. "She has represented her country well and correctly." She was in London, en route to Washington, when the invasion occurred.
South Korea's National Assembly opened its regular 50-day session, during which it is to vote on a new constitution and revision of laws for a transition to full democracy.
There are no other properties we are aware of across the country that fall into this category.
Forbes, whose worth has been estimated at $400 million to $1 billion, had made his last birthday, in August, his biggest.
The Pentagon dened any U.S. involvement in the ground fighting.
Citicorp's decision on Tuesday to take a huge earnings charge, after a major increase in its loan-loss reserves, raises questions about ailing BankAmerica's own treatment of its huge cache of troubled foreign loans.
Deficit cuts are proper when the economy can stand some reining in without worry about its caving in.
But Connally said he believed they would also walk off the job in sympathy.
Apex, however, currently owns 10.7% of Coeur d'Alene.
Canada's Senate on Friday approved a sweeping agreement that virtually erases trade barriers between Canada and the United States.
But you should consider the cost and whether it is appropriate.
Some conservatives took on the gay and lesbian rights movement too.
The CBI message may yet seep into the general consciousness, confirming what people know from experience to be true.
Manufacturing industry's order books are at their best levels since mid-1990 and manufacturers expect to increase output over the next four months.
'People were not taking out any insurance,' the company said. 'It was leaving us liable for the extra cost incurred.'
The J's are different.
One of these sources, all of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity, said at least 11 ships were heading home without new orders to pick up Mideast-bound cargo.
To imagine, on the strength of recent statistics, that the issue that has bedevilled economic management in postwar years has disappeared could prove over complacent.
Treasury officials said $15 billion of this year's borrowing will be used to replace high-rate certificates of deposit at some of the 262 failed thrifts already under government control.
The only faster knockouts in heavyweight title history were Jim Jeffries' 55-second victory over Jack Finnegin in 1900, Michael Dokes' 1:03 win over Mike Weaver in 1982 and Tommy Burns' 1:28 defeat of Jem Roche in 1908.
Raise 'em three videocassettes and a comic book or we'll shut 'em down.'"
"You can't legislate against insanity," the Conservative Party legislator said Thursday.
But Republicans accused Democrats of racial hypocrisy by refusing to give Lucas a chance to gain experience in the job.
However, the 12 EC states made no promises to contribute to the cost of deploying U.S. troops in the Persian Gulf.
Instead there are sudden, arbitrary switches for variety's sake, with colourful patches which hark directly back to Stravinsky, and for emphasis some blatant Hollywood effects (scored with unblinking crudity).
Railways Minister Ding Guangen was forced to resign in March to take responsibility for the accidents, which were blamed on negligence or poor enforcement of safety rules by rail workers.
"They found me not guilty of crimes I never committed," he said.
But in the Silesian coal fields, where Poland digs a quarter of its dollar-earning exports, diehards occupied just one pit.
In 1945, he left school to put his language skills to use as an interpreter for U.S. soldiers assisting the Nationalist army.
HonFed has since paid down its goodwill assets to $80 million, using cash from earnings.
By far the biggest internal migration was the flow of two million blacks from the agricultural South to the factories of the North, which began during World War I and lasted for three decades.
In St. Paul, Miller said the FBI had asked the airline not to disclose any other details about the threat, including where or when it was made.
Japanese banks and investment funds were said to be strong buyers near Monday's lows.
The dollar rose 1.4% against the yen Monday after the G-7 failed to boost the yen, as was widely expected.
But only Christen was set free on Wednesday.
Now they too can have a new life, and as evidence we have not only "The Cocoanuts" but Mr. Wager's previous work on "Animal Crackers," which is currently having a successful run at the Huntington Theater in Boston.
"Sales of floating stocks will be according to our provisional production level," Mr. Aghazadeh said.
Firstly it does not want to, and secondly, there are difficulties of comparing prices in east Europe with those in the west. 'In principle we support the EC's efforts to liberalise trade with that part of the world,' says Mr Lever.
If there was ever a lawyer-of-the-year award then Jean-Claude Piris, head of the legal service at the European Council, deserves it.
Miss Valaziotis was in stable condition with a broken jaw and bruises.
Since utilities are required by law to keep trees away from lines, state officials were considering action to recover about $10 million in fire suppression costs from the companies, including Pacific, Gas & Electric Co., which use the line.
The clearance came as Lord Young, secretary of state for trade and industry, decided not to refer the proposed purchase to the Monopolies and Mergers Commission.
In one incident, a grenade-like device exploded on the lawn of the Shapiro family home, a modest ranch-style house on a tree-lined street.
Mortgages originated by Legal & General PLC.
A physicist reported Wednesday the discovery of a new superconducting compound that he believes may work at minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit, potentially setting a new temperature record for superconductivity.
Acid rain also can include nitric acids formed from pollutants called nitrogen oxides.
International Business Machines was up  at 116.
A total of R2.4bn was involved in this guarantee.
On Nov. 13, Ampco made an informal request for representation on Midway's board.
The cheapest seats _ now $9 _ will double in price, while the most expensive ones will jump from $66 to $93.
Sugar for March delivery ended 0.3 cent a pound lower at 8.55 cents.
In 1972, Ms. Rajender, an assistant professor of chemistry and the only woman in the department, was denied promotion to a tenure-track position.
"It only makes sense to wait for the day before to get something more reliable and up to date," he said.
Elections for a national assembly are set for Nov. 7-11 and independence is expected early next year.
The bill would curb the use of tax-exempt bonds by states and cities to buy existing facilities of investor-owned utilities.
The Sixth Amendment guarantees the right to counsel.
Al-Sharra said, "We are looking forward to much better relations between Syria and the European Community.
Record high temperatures continued across southern Europe.
Although the rights offer is the third since 1991, it deserves support.
There is no such thing as, say, canasta bonding.
A heavy tax liability may prompt the sale of the late William S. Paley's 8 percent stake in the media giant CBS Inc., a published report said today.
The country, he said, began by declaring that "all men are created equal."
"In my everyday life I can't do anything to affect it when I wake up in the morning."
She said the disabled have an estimated $40 billion a year in spending power, an appealing target for manufacturers who have shown keener interest in getting messages to narrowly defined audiences.
Instead, municipal councils will now divide the costs of services equally among all adults in their districts.
But they are very disciplined elements.
But there's no uniform look and individuality remains the key fashion word in the British collections, being shown through Tuesday.
But it has sat idle until recently while the companies and the community fought over how the crude would be moved south to Los Angeles.
Reagan and Gorbachev did not emerge from their four days of meetings with major breakthroughs on major issues, such as arms control.
Barry has repeatedly denied ever using drugs.
Fully 60% of 1,016 employers polled by consultant Foster Higgins will offer the benefit by 1992, up from 50% last year and 41% in 1989, even though IRS rules require them to fully fund accounts all year.
A UNITA spokesman in Lisbon, Norberto de Castro, said he had received no official confirmation of the ANGOP report, but he welcomed the government proposal.
Nonetheless, Richard T. Curtin, director of consumer surveys at the institute, said in an interview that the October results are a good bench mark.
But Bolivian and Peruvian officials said Wednesday that Washington should instead spend its time and money helping their farmers switch from coca to other crops.
The article says the founder of the Soviet secret police, Felix A. Dzerzhinksy, also justified the use of labor camps.
In the first quarter ended June 29, Maxtor had a net loss of $10.7 million, or 42 cents a share, on revenue of $234.6 million.
3Com lost nearly a third of its market value and led the day's bad-news bearers with an unexpectedly bleak short-term outlook.
But the message apparently has won him few backers.
Militant Sikh separatists shot and killed a Sikh farmer and his two sons and two policemen in separate attacks in Punjab state, police and news reports said today.
"He's in control, it's his little world," says his wife, Carole Adrienne, who uses her psychology training to analyze the hacker mind-set.
It said the temblor, which hit at 10:22 a.m., was centered 31 miles underground in the Pacific Ocean about 8 miles off the east coast of Chiba state, or about 29 miles east of Tokyo.
You have to monetize your assets.
Together, those companies employed 20 percent of American workers.
Iran accused Iraq on Wednesday of using poison gas against civilians and warned it might retaliate with its own chemical weapons, and the United States urged a U.N. Security Council protest.
But a federal jury found that Sharp was dissatisfied with BEC's policy of selling calculators at prices lower than those suggested by Sharp.
General Dynamics Corp. got a $15.8 million Air Force contract for retrofit of F-16 aircraft stores management system test equipment.
Temperatures warmed into the 60s, 70s and 80s across the desert Southwest.
European Community officials recently ordered Renault and other French companies to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars of state aid which was ruled to give them an unfair advantage over companies from other EC members.
Although he has been in jail since Jan. 16, his family has not been allowed to visit him.
But he was fired amid concern about free spending by visiting D.C. government officials who stayed in expensive resort hotels in the islands.
But methyl chloroform, whose potency for ozone destruction is less than 15 percent that of CFCs, remains unregulated and is viewed by much of industry as a potential "bridge" chemical as companies stop using CFCs as cleaning solvents.
Francis Schott, economist for Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S., said the latest numbers are "a further hint that the economy's growth rate may actually be slowing, but they aren't conclusive."
He also received $20,000 in deferred compensation and $2,785 in pension benefits from the state.
Several hundred people have been killed and hundreds of thousands forced to flee their homes in more than two years of ethnic attacks and clashes involving civilians and soldiers.
But he criticized President Mikhail S. Gorbachev for rejecting a proposal by President Bush that would give the United States an edge of 30,000 troops over the Red Army in Europe.
CSFB has worked closely with First Boston on mergers and acquisitions, but that cooperation now is clouded because two of First Boston's best-known specialists in the field recently left the U.S. firm.
Hunt Taylor, managing director at Duich Investment Co., a San Francisco commodity trading adviser, had personally traded the dollar-index contract even before the exchange went to round-the-clock trading.
I had a couple of different names.
BCE has recently begun to broaden its horizons in the multimedia sector.
Attacks in the official press accusing Solidarity of overly aggressive campaign tactics began after the first show May 9 in which union spokesman Janusz Onyskiewicz told voters how to choose Solidarity candidates and eliminate official ones.
Other countries, including West Germany, may have a hard time justifying continued membership.
No explosives were found after police took the man into custody in the capital of Vilnius, said Valery Akolsin, spokesman for the Soviet Ministry of Civil Aviation.
Court records show O'Ferrell lost a lawsuit heard on appeal by U.S. Circuit Judge Robert Vance.
"This is guilt by association.
Digital Equipment Corp., which has slashed its payroll without laying off workers, may find it more difficult in the current economic slump to induce people to leave their jobs, company president Kenneth Olsen said Thursday.
These are a particular triumph of actuarial science. The life office agrees to increase the amount you receive each year by the rate of increase in the retail prices index.
An ITC is easy to implement and is effective as a stimulus to investment.
The Securities and Exchange Commission appears likely to realize only $87 million of the $100 million it expected from Ivan F. Boesky to settle civil insider-trading charges.
These freaks represent big hopes for Japan's fish industry.
ITN is but one.' Sky News is broadcast across Europe on the Astra satellite and is available to millions of viewers through satellite dishes and cable television networks.
Dr Michael Merson, head of the WHO Aids programme, said yesterday the meeting would complement the 'top priority' US efforts to solve the mystery.
The output shortfall compared with trend is less than it was in the last two recessions in five of the G7 countries.
Stella Martyn, a widow, is visited in Cornwall by her daughter Cherry and her new son-in-law, Evan Davies, a talented painter.
The dollar resumed its decline Friday under pressure of a fifth straight day of dollar sales by central bankers.
Sun Microsystems Inc. expects to post earnings of about $1.60 a share for the year ending June 30, a 44% rise from a year earlier, Scott McNealy, president and chief executive officer, said.
It's even possible a buyer could emerge for PS of New Hampshire's Seabrook stake, he said, although any purchase would be at a bargain price because of the uncertainty over the plant's future.
If we save only 40% by using TM, as the research conservatively indicates, that would be a $6.2 billion cost benefit per year.
"He's really excited about the party," Berle's wife, Ruth, who set it up, said Monday.
The value to Houston-based Pennzoil was between roughly $2.2 billion and $2.9 billion, the source adds.
Jim Bakker, the television evangelist who lost his PTL empire in a sex scandal, was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $500,000 Tuesday for defrauding his followers for his own enrichment.
That trend should help reduce global trade imbalances, including the United States' big trade deficit, and lead to more stable in foreign exchange rates, Waigel said.
Then it'll be too late.
William C. O'Neil Jr., chairman, president and chief executive officer of International Clinical Laboratories Inc., was named a director of this maker of research chemicals and diagnostic reagents, increasing board membership to 10.
After the October riots, the government quickly held a referendum to win approval of the first phase of reforms.
Investment would be particularly concentrated in the public transport, mining, energy and services sectors.
He awaits hearing on a Greek petition for his extradition.
Up to now, foreign exchange has been grossly under-priced and allocated by government officials. On January 1, the government created the framework for a normal foreign exchange market.
The bill to enable enlargement of the European Union to include Austria, Norway, Finland and Sweden gained its third reading without a vote in the Commons last night.
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is requiring bidders for its retail brokerage to promise they won't hire any of the unit's 1,100 brokers for one year if a deal falls through, Wall Street sources said.
Clouds of black dust blown from freshly plowed fields created blackouts on highways in the northern part of the state, causing an 18-car pileup on U.S. Highway 31 outside South Bend.
I've found that on the whole the Bureau of Export Administration and the State Department do a good job getting information to the public through notices, seminars and even over the telephone.
Before the Middle East crisis began, many economists had predicted that the current expansion would break that record.
"This is such a mish-mash, it can give you indigestion," Ortega told delighted supporters at one rally. "Let (President) Bush eat it." Can UNO hold together and govern through 1996, should it win Sunday's general elections? "Yes.
Allied-Signal Inc. won Navy contracts totaling $10.3 million for OV-10 aircraft engines and FA-18 aircraft equipment.
In 1980, their percentage was 10.6%. About 11 million live in the South, accounting for 17% of the area's voting-age population.
First there are the daily news-driven variety which set out to report what is happening, offer succinct analysis and look forward to what may be about to happen.
The department said that new single-family homes were sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 739,000 units last month, compared with a revised rate of 646,000 units in June.
His is a breed found more rarely among British executives whose entrepreneurial zeal seems to crumple in the corridors of corporate HQs.
It's brought a lot of emotion back, and now it's kind of a reality to me.
A spokesman for the comptroller said regulations on bank investment in mortgage securities are "in the formulation stage," but nothing has been made final.
At the end of the inspection, the department announced that the airlines weren't unsafe, but said the labor-management hostility at Eastern was so intense that, if left to fester, it could jeopardize safety.
More and more of these Christians see the GOP as their natural home.
The Xerox 5042 has a slanted edge and a hinged cover that allow a book or other bound material to be laid flat without squashing or stretching the binding.
Government offices operated normally as thousands of employees stayed overnight in their workplaces.
Mr. Gorbachev's emissaries to the West have for some time ceased to be taken seriously, since everyone knows well their boss's habit of saying one thing, signing another, and doing a third.
Some people think they might tempt raiders, as did Hammermill in 1986 before International Paper acquired it.
Wickes' total sales for the year were $4.77 billion.
The Stones play there tonight for the second time.
That tied Fidelity's Select Automation fund for the worst performer of the week.
This year's shipments of Soviet ordnance and supplies had exceeded 20,000 tons at last count, which means record shipments are likely for all of 1986.
But bankers that lend to farmers suddenly are worrying anew about their borrower's financial health.
And in between we feel like starved house-guests being led through a larder full of mouldy offcuts, gnawed bones and corn-fed funny names.
The great drought rally of 1988 is history, just a big blip on a long chart.
Two remained hospitalized Sunday in good condition.
In protest, Banna refused to participate in any of the court's three hearings.
As companies acquire more computer networks from different vendors the problem of managing them inevitably increases.
"I think you would like to be sure that all of the folks that are doing any work on any flight hardware are in full command of themselves, so it does concern me," McCartney said.
Here you have integration and negotiation with one nation so you have a much higher objective and some added issues and risks.
After all, as he put it, 'that's the point of the whole thing - growth and employment'. But for so consummate a politician as Mr Clarke, this week was the easy part.
Wednesday, it jumped as much as 10 cents as a spurt of buying in the last minute of trading found a thin market and few sellers.
But Fitzwater said pollution curbs should not be proposed unilaterally and the administration must consider the long-term economic impacts of any actions aimed at dealing with global warming.
The study by scientists at the California Institute of Technology here, Ortho Pharmaceuticals in Raritan, N.J., and the University of Alabama, Birmingham was published today in the journal Science.
Typically, such antibiotics are taken several times a day.
The company has 3.2 billion, yes billion, shares outstanding, and is controlled by Mexican businessman Jeronimo Arango.
Cryan was living in one of the old cottages and didn't even know it.
He said much of the clamor for his resignation was coming from a "lynch mob" that included the press.
Moreover, Reuters' shareholders have traditionally looked for capital appreciation, not yield.
Group B bonds, which include serial bonds due 2007-2013, are all 7 1/2% securities priced to yield 7.775%.
Britain has become one of Europe's filthiest nations, its city streets a jungle of garbage and graffiti, the government-funded Royal Fine Arts Commission said in a report today.
"Usually isolated locations were disturbed by aircraft and people" while "noise pollution" on marine band radios from spill cleanup activities made monitoring marine channels difficult and unpleasant, the report stated.
Business Day said President F.W. de Klerk is expected to call for the scrapping of the Group Areas Act, which segregates neighborhoods by race, and the Land Acts, which reserve 87 percent of the country's land for the white minority.
He is scheduled to be sentenced Nov. 21, along with two other former Genisco managers who previously entered guilty pleas.
Flights of TAT, British Airways' French regional carrier, are expected to be back to normal following last week's delays caused by pilots' union meetings. NIGERIA: The Foreign and Commonwealth Office says the political situation remains uncertain.
The Board of Trade trades futures on the Major Market Index of 20 blue-chip stocks, which closely mirrors the performance of the Dow Jones Industrial Average of 30 stocks.
"A film of challenging ideas, and not salacious provocations," the industry paper's review said.
It argues that, in many cases, sponsor fees aren't really charitable donations. Instead, the IRS views the fees as payments for the publicity and advertising that sponsors garner through banners, brochures and media exposure.
The first mention of the possible existence of Christ's shroud came from French crusader Robert of Clari, who wrote that he saw it in 1203 in the imperial palace in Constantinople.
Mr. Stoltenberg said the decision to revalue the currencies upward wasn't caused by economic factors but was a response to recent speculation.
Thus, Madison Avenue is trying to wipe them out.
He has acknowledged that a sharp reduction in Soviet oil shipments could force Cuba to replace tractors with mules, stop manufacturing adult clothing for five years and reduce bus service in Havana by two-thirds.
Much of the aid is disrupted, looted or destroyed.
Wells's chairman, Carl Reichardt, has made no secret of his interest in First Interstate Bancorp, or some smaller targets in the West, including Valley National Corp. and U.S. Bancorp.
The government is expected to put the corn supply at 1.889 billion bushels, down about 56% from 4.259 billion bushels on the same 1988 date.
Great Country Bank fell 1/8 to 1 5/8.
Those thousands include farmers, who will be relieved of paying the federal tax on diesel fuel used for off-road purposes and will no longer have to fret with the paperwork caused by the "heifer tax" on livestock.
'They did not expect to be required to make substantial additional payments to British Coal as a condition for exercising their petroleum licences.' The operators are lobbying the DTI hard to resolve the uncertainties and encourage methane production.
The report said Coast Guard officials fired warning shots, but it did not mention any casualties.
Canadian animators turning the Babar stories into a television series and feature film are well aware of the long memories their viewers may have of the elephant king.
The nation's economic sluggishness dragged down earnings for most of those media companies with major daily newspapers and magazines.
Mr. Easdon also plans a new-business offensive, starting with two pitches already identified by the agency.
New plays will be in short supply on Broadway this fall.
Some analysts are skeptical that Texas Air will keep the MaxSaver fare in its current form because its relatively lenient two-day advance purchase requirement makes it available to almost everybody except businessmen traveling on short notice.
The catch is, you'll have to act fast if you want to be able to deduct a Keogh contribution on your 1991 tax return. While you have until April 15 to actually put the money in, the deadline for filing an application for 1991 is Dec. 31.
"I thought it was a particularly good letter and really sent home to us how much the experiences we have here in space can have an effect on the youngsters of America," Hauck said.
Dravo says the new technology will pay for itself because power plants seeking to comply with tougher acid-rain laws will prefer the Argonox system, which can be fitted to existing scrubbers, to other methods requiring costly equipment changes.
On Friday night, ABC's Peter Jennings and CBS' Dan Rather were also on the scene to report on East Germany's historic lifting of travel restrictions.
Historically, the dollar has always risen when interest rate spreads have been at this level.
Revenue from film products fell 6.4% to $307.9 million.
Trading started with a bang after the Labor Department reported the nation's unemployment rate dipped to 5.2 percent in May from April's 5.3 percent.
Even while urging calm, black leaders including Willie Sims of Dade's official Community Relations Board acknowledge that blacks are intently watching the trial.
Seeker already has been acquitted of charges he overruled a majority of a five-man court to reject a local committee's request for a second referendum.
But market sources called the offering a rocky one.
Troubling signs are already popping up, most significantly a proposed gathering soon in Iran of hardliners opposed to the peace effort.
'Selling into Europe is a discipline and I always guessed that if I could sell to them I could sell anywhere.
Each will be developed by a separate company.
Des Moines already is an insurance capital.
A government commission in March found that the bodies buried at the site were those of victims killed under Stalin's repressions, not by Nazi soldiers, as three previous official inquiries had ruled.
Pereira dos Santos said "an incident" occurred after the plane, a Boeing 737-300, made a scheduled stop in Belo Horizonte, 288 miles northwest of Rio.
Asked by reporters aboard Air Force Two en route from Washington whether he would tell the Contras to return to Nicaragua to participate in the political process, Quayle said, `I'm not going to do that.
The physicians presented their appeal to officials of the U.S., Soviet and Iraqi embassies in Rome.
FCC fines that have not been changed since 1934 also will be increased, Connolly said.
It did not identify those freed.
Meantime, Mr. Amman has a new destiny for Western Union: financial services for the 25% of U.S. households that don't have checking accounts.
U.N. delegates passed a resolution denouncing the decision, and only the United States and Israel voted against it.
The book's central character searches for a survivor of the fire, but finds a reflection of himself instead.
But the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last November ruled that the tribe does not have to collect any state or local taxes on items sold at the store, even to non-members.
It left it to school authorities to decide in individual cases.
Police refused to elaborate or say whether Minnick left a note.
Denis, meanwhile, courts a reluctant elementary school teacher (Jo Anderson).
"But," he adds, "the vice president will do all right."
But employers insist they have tens of thousands of jobs available with no one to fill them.
Tupelo, Miss., has a new claim to fame.
Few aspects of modern life are so crucial and yet so taken for granted as words on the printed page.
"There's just no way to justify this pay hike at this time," he said. "We have a huge deficit.
"It was unquestionably a gunshot wound," said Hollywood Police Chief Richard Witt, who added that a powder burn indicated the shot was fired at close range and was possibly self-inflicted.
"Let History Judge," which Medvedev started writing in 1962, was published first abroad, in the United States in 1971.
"We need a government we can trust," he said.
Furukawa Battery climbed Y55 to Y700 and Japan Storage Battery Y15 to Y793. Stocks which had been sought recently by short-term speculators fell back as profits were taken.
Mr. Singleton hasn't disclosed how MediaNews Group is raising the money for the purchase.
So the prospect of a SFr194m (Pounds 88m) lakeside complex, to be opened in time for the festival's 60th anniversary in 1998, is doubly welcome.
Hot, humid conditions dominated from the Plains east to the Atlantic Coast on Thursday, while showers and thunderstorms were scattered from the northeast parts of the Great Lakes into the middle Mississippi Valley.
Sims and the other men acknowledged they have no proof that the recycled parts have malfunctioned during flight.
With the hole in balance sheets large and earnings already low, the stock market would look even more vulnerable. Given that the likely alternative is the threat of trade sanctions, the Japanese financial system is in a tough spot.
But several other firms are saying that rates could go higher before they turn down.
We didn't feel they broke the law," said juror Mike Simons of west Los Angeles.
Here, too, backing of invasion is a common practice.
Since 1976, when the Supreme Court resumed permitting executions after a four-year lull, 99 people _ all convicted murderers _ have been put to death in the United States.
The House action added to mounting pressure on the Senate to back off its amendment.
It carried debris half a block away from the demolished house and shattered windows and cracked walls in neighboring homes.
They invoke the "competent judgment" of the "44 Nobel laureates" who grace the Federation of American Scientists' masthead, but it has never been brought to bear on "nuclear winter."
"We are truly seeing history in the making," said Commission Chairman Malcolm Kirschenbaum in Orlando last week.
Ignatenko quoted Gorbachev as saying his next meeting with John Paul would "perhaps, or probably, be in the USSR." Gorbachev was accompanied to the Vatican by his wife Raisa, who wore a gray suit.
The experiments are still at a very early stage.
Sunday's low for the Lower 48 states was 28 degrees at West Yellowstone, Mont.
Like many other computer companies, Unisys, based in Blue Bell, Pa., has already taken steps to streamline its use of semiconductors to cut costs.
Mr. Peterson said the decision could have a far-reaching effect on the state because it will place an additional burden on Medicaid officials to prove that hospitals aren't operating efficiently and economically.
Lucky, wrapped in salt-water-soaked paper, traveled in an insulated box with ice packs.
But the resulting skirmishing wouldn't necessarily indicate the onset of a new phase in the war.
Volume was a light 385.6 million shares, compared with 420.3 million shares Thursday.
Mortgage rates, on the other hand, have generally declined since hitting double-digit figures in January.
"In every instance, I was clearly acting as a go-between for these private Texas citizens."
Whole shopping centers stand vacant, and more are still being built.
Banks are slow in shrinking their margins because of increased consumer delinquency rates and lower outstanding credit card balances.
Some of them (stocks) I had brought into the corporation that I had owned personally, my personal estate.
Iraq also has missiles that can deliver warheads to points as far away as Tehran or Tel Aviv.
"Certainly that would be the most propitious way to handle the matter," Yeutter told reporters.
The development bank is sending a technical aid mission to Jamaica and is expected to tap a special $80 million fund set up by Japan to provide an emergency grant to Jamaica.
Oral arguments before the justices are scheduled for next Wednesday.
"It plugs quite a few gaps," said Barbara Conway, a spokeswoman for the new regulatory system.
Elsewhere, firefighters in the Bridger-Teton National Forest in Wyoming contained the last major fire burning in the forest, the 200-acre "Pocket" fire, beating a storm front expected to reach the area later today with high wind.
He said the group seized control of the Brokondo region in Central Suriname over the weekend and overtook the Afobaka hydroelectric about 60 miles south of the capital.
Spending on defense, foreign aid, science and technology will be limited to a 5 percent increase, approximately the rate of inflation.
Peres, interviewed in New York, told Israel radio: "I've received an invitation and I think there is an opening for economic relations between Israel and the Soviet Union.
'Now he's waving his hands about.
Looking fit and tan from tennis, jogging and a vacation in the Caucasus Mountains, the 58-year-old Yeltsin was as outspoken as ever in a recent interview.
A Senate panel is examining evidence that several countries believed to be working on clandestine nuclear-weapons programs have been getting sensitive data from three Energy Department weapons laboratories.
It might look at moments like Euro-crash - bodies slamming to the floor; danger the essential in every step - but its emotional force and wild logic, its skilled disdain for hazard, were hugely effective.
That's because, despite years of trimming costs, Sears's operating expenses are still among the highest in retailing.
Most countries have minimal infrastructure and few telephones.
He had called for more harvesting of Amazon resources such as nuts, latex and plants, while preserving the trees.
'The USDA is a bureaucracy, and we expect there will be a strong cast of supporting players,' Mr West said.
First Iberian Fund Inc., started trading under the symbol IBF after its initial offering.
Mr. Werner said he assumes advertising rates on ESPN's NFL broadcasts will be slightly less than for comparable network games, but those rates will still be the highest ever for cable telecasts.
RJR pay-in-kind bonds pay interest in the form of additional bonds instead of cash.
Her wonderful portrait of the ambitious Marion is cold, astringent and deadly accurate.
The existing ambiguities and loopholes are not always being closed by its consensuses.
Even with the groundings, the officials insisted the Navy has enough of the planes to equip its aircraft carriers when they go out on a deployment.
A new subway line began operating in Rome on Saturday, but city officials admitted it will do little to alleviate the capital's chaotic traffic conditions.
Eastern Europe has only a handful of super-fancy hotels and most of them don't come close to the four-star hotels of the West.
A Polish sailor who is seeking political asylum says he fears for his life if he's deported, even though an American judge doesn't think the newly liberalized Polish government poses any threat.
Her parents were certain that they did not want such a son-in-law. When Perurena finally persuaded Mayte to meet him in a neighbouring village they were seen within minutes. Perurena learned about gamesmanship the hard way.
With prices several cents lower than nearby stations the next morning, Mr. Grivon said, cars were stacked up four deep at his pumps.
"I would say the whole town is shocked.
Flood and rain damage to homes, crops, highways and bridges has caused losses the counter-disaster center estimated at $12 million.
But that was mostly because soldiers blocked off the road around the place.
The Senate vote came after Warner said he had just received a telephone call from Gen.
While a tennis shoe, for instance, rarely sells for more than Dollars 120 a pair, hiking boots are often Dollars 200 or more.
People close to the investigation say Mr. Callahan handled trading for an employee at Donnelley's Torrance plant who hasn't been identified but is believed to be a technician.
Lorenzo used bankruptcy filing as a way to break the union contracts at Continental Airlines after Texas Air bought that airline in 1983.
I want to crack down on terrorism; he knuckled under to the Ayatollah.
The impasse follows inconclusive June 18 elections at which the Coalition, made up of the pro-Moscow Greek Communist Party and the Eurocommunist Greek Left, won 28 seats after receiving 13 percent of the vote and emerged as a power broker.
I am proposing an increased exchange program of high school students between our countries.
The money came partly from Pounds 3m devoted to environmental improvements along the DLR extension which opened earlier this year. The LDDC is expected to agree a further Pounds 1.5m for the ecology park this summer.
Current thinking in Whitehall is that it should be possible, when the Maastricht treaty is revised in 1996, to endow the EU with a common defence policy explicitly linked to the Atlantic alliance.
A proposal in May mooted by the finance ministry for a reduction in benefits was met with an instant denial by Chancellor Kohl.
It would help farmers who built up a valuable property from nothing and who now wish to retire, homeowners whose financial gains on a property sale exceed the deductible limit, entrepreneurs who created value out of an idea.
As the embarrassment in the Senate later proved, it was not one of Mr. Carter's greatest moments.
A survey by Dun and Bradstreet, the business information company, says that UK companies have to wait on average 20 days longer beyond the due date than their French counterparts, the next-worst payers in Europe.
'This is not the time to be chasing value to the ends of the earth and winding up in the Colombian stock market.
For the first time in its 100-year history, Amoco plans to spend more money in 1989 searching for oil and gas abroad than in the United States.
The Commerce Department revised its figure for growth of the gross national product in the first quarter to an annual rate of 4.4 percent, after adjustment for inflation.
The comedy focuses on the once-famous radio act of Hank Knight and Everett Daye.
Mrs. Fishburn, who coordinates the effort from her New Berlin home, donates 3 percent of her family's income.
Analysts said there was no specific reason for the drop, but cited a sneaker industry slowdown and a poor head-to-head performance against Reebok.
A passenger flying roundtrip between Baltimore and Los Angeles at full fare could have to pay up to $1,246 on a heavily booked flight to guarantee a seat for an infant.
Pemex's preliminary report on that disaster found that a spark during the installation of firefighting equipment touched off the blaze.
It couldn't be determined whether there were any other suitors for the Henson concern.
United Technologies Corp. was awarded a $28.4 million Army contract for special-operations helicopters.
This did not matter: she gave us a true and distinguished interpretation. The young also romped through the tango from The Golden Age - kittens playing at being naughty tigers - and a couple of other numbers.
"Thou sayest it," said Robb, who had little to say on any other subject.
His wavering prompted Geiger to publicly call him a "wimp." It also renewed her determination to honor the man she credits with changing her life.
She says she has talked to Labor Secretary Lynn Martin about working jointly on such an effort, and plans to talk to Education Secretary Lamar Alexander.
"I'm only 18," said Pfc, James Bullard Jr. of Shallotte, a soldier since July. "Yeah, I get scared.
That law requires the archivist to decide which papers to withhold and which to make public 12 years after a president leaves office.
Mrs. Thatcher hastened to add, "Chancellor Kohl does not practice followership, he really does not."
This was at least the sixth fire during testing in the past two years.
"I think we can broaden the use of the more simplified forms," he said.
Mrs. Scott said her husband played a key role in the 1986 resettlement of a group of more than 200 of the Montagnard people from Vietnam, most of whom settled in Greensboro, N.C.
Since it appeared during an August night 28 years ago and East Germany's borders were sealed, 191 people are known to have died while fleeing to the West.
"It was a very nervous day," said John Geary, partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth, Geary.
'We have tested the database with some of our international collaborators but I guess it will take a few months before everyone gets used to it.' As a point of principle, Ceph and Genethon will not try to patent the map or any of the information in it.
The Navy has that case under investigation.
In 1981, Starzl began work at Presbyterian University Hospital, which he helped make one of the world's premier transplant centers.
The late bid price in Zurich was $389.60, down from $390.75.
"I think those who would argue that it is protectionist should be required to read it first," Archey said.
Meetings begin Thursday in Bangkok, Thailand, with a three-day Pacific rim ministerial summit of ASEAN, the Association of Asian Nations.
The Paramount Pictures release was produced by Harve Bennett with a script by David Loughery from a story by Loughery, Shatner and Bennett.
"I had to emotionally reclaim it," he said. "I had to go back in there and be all right.
South Korean newspapers have attacked NBC for its coverage of an attack by South Korean boxing officials on a referee who awarded a match against a local favorite.
The unit had 88.1 million shares outstanding at the end of 1990 compared with 95.7 million a year earlier.
He also directed the film version of the fairy tale "Peau d'Ane" (Donkey Skin) in 1970 starring Miss Deneuve.
"In the future, I will only ask someone who I can trust," Dana Jurist said Tuesday.
In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Kevex shares closed up 62.5 cents, at $10.875.
Separately, Toronto-based Campeau reported its fiscal second-quarter loss widened to $124 million from $109 million a year earlier.
State-of-emergency regulations restrict reporting about unrest, security force action, treatment of detainees, some forms of protest and various statements the government considers subversive. The regulations prohibit calls for election boycotts.
In seeking a reason, Sir Denys turns again to history.
He was "a highly respected scientist and a valuable faculty member of the pathology department," said Dr. Noel Maclaren, head of the department.
It may even exert pressure in the other direction.
The word 'choreography' is used in the programme to describe their little numbers.
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her, Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death.
The poll was conducted by the Soviet Institute of Sociology using questions from the news organizations.
At midday, showers extended from south-central Kansas across south-central Nebraska, over north-central Illinois, from Ohio and eastern Kentucky across western Pennsylvania, and from northeastern New York state across northern and central New England.
He also says he didn't think "Chariots of Fire" deserved the Oscar as Best Picture when it won in 1981.
Hollywood never offered the wire-haired star a lucrative leading role in action-adventure pictures; these went instead to rivals Lassie and Rin-Tin-Tin.
December 1987: Sixteen people, including 14 members of one family, are killed.
Haaretz reported that Harari told Israeli officials that if he did not work with Noriega, his role would be filled by Cubans or Nicaraguans.
He told Soviet and foreign correspondents gathered in a cold mist on the steps of the building that he voted "for a candidate who was nominated." "This is a secret ballot," he reminded them.
After the incident, in which the car appeared to be seriously damaged, the witnesses saw East German officials cover the driver's body with a blanket, the ministry said.
But a temporary restraining order issued Friday also said Jeanie Joshua of Ojai must go elsewhere for treatment after the order expires Friday.
An earlier, erroneous report had said the two met.
Two years ago petrochemicals and plastics was the largest sector, accounting for nearly 40 per cent of the total. The proportion of spending on the environment increased from 14 per cent of the total last year to 23 per cent by 1995.
Mr. Garamendi's interest in having American Express bolster First Capital could indicate that the Los Angeles insurance company's problems are more serious than First Capital has indicated.
"Ninja Turtles" eclipsed that mark Friday.
Both Holiday Inns and Quality Inns International have announced that they will extend their government discount rates to all government contractors.
"Don't expect somebody to come up and say they saw them making the devices," Powell said.
"I believe that these hills, obstacles and walls can be removed," he said.
Now, as the season beckons, the signs are that the problem this year could be even worse.
"I am very concerned about the American elections having an adverse effect on the credit markets," says David D. Hale, chief economist of Kemper Financial Services Inc.
But Supermarkets General's management seems equally determined to avoid any friendly transaction with the Hafts.
"Belfast has suffered badly during the past 20 years," a final panel reads.
The suspension of quarterly dividends, which had been four cents a share on Wang's Class B common stock and 2.75 cents a share on Class C stock, was seen as a move to conserve cash and placate nervous bankers.
The company also expects a significant charge against profit this year.
So if fuel is being dispensed there, there is an attendant there," Feneis says.
Mendes' successor, Osmarino Anancio Rodrigues, has charged that businessmen and ranchers masterminded the Mendes shooting but have never been called to testify.
She was one of the guys.
Analysts said recession-sensitive stocks like foods and soaps, which have shown steady gains in the last few weeks, continued to do well.
Some members of the Fraternal Order of Police endorsed new restrictions on semiautomatic weapons.
But Curwood was not a writer to sadden his readers.
Tuanku Ja'afar, 71, was picked to succeed Sultan Azlan Shah at a conference of the nine Malaysian sultans.
These surges have resulted from reinvestment of the proceeds of December sales that were motivated by a desire to offset capital gains with capital losses.
Daniel was one of several people driving team members to Fort Bragg for a game, said Mark West Youth Club President Richard Mikulich.
PS of New Hampshire oversees the troubled Seabrook nuclear power plant.
There are no absolutes, of course; individual circumstances always vary.
"This is the fastest growing area of the world.
A race against Mr D'Amato would whet every appetite for political blood, but the Senator's control of the state Republican party is such that challenging him in a primary would be tough.
The ban will last through the end of the school year in May.
After all that running around, the strands of the plot should be tied up neatly.
Nevertheless, most believe that the boom will soon slow.
The council was established in 1980 by Congress.
Bahlinger said the fast was designed to call attention to the peasants' appeals for land reform and better working and living conditions.
A pilot project in six newly leased apartments has been started on East 94th Street to house about 70 homeless women and their children, and negotiations are going on for a downtown site to house another 70.
Coleman still seeks a co-sponsor willing to spend $500,000 on his automobile.
In April 1987, Miller had requested a report from the Fish and Wildlife Service on the environmental impact of drilling in Alaska's North Slope.
In his five-page decision, Castellani said James D. Moseley had been imprisoned illegally more than 18 months after being convicted for violating that law.
The company plans a similar reduction this year and a smaller one in 1991.
But suddenly survivalists have a glow in their eyes again.
But some have spent so much time in hospitals, in broken homes or at arm's length from a terrified society that social skills like speaking have not been properly developed.
In New York, the pound remained unchanged from late Thursday at $1.8193.
If Chief Buthelezi then continues to use wrecking tactics, he should be disregarded.
Robert Van Tuyle, Beverly's 75-year-old chairman and chief executive officer, blames the unexpected losses mainly on skyrocketing labor costs and on competition from general hospitals that are converting empty beds to nursing care use.
The first prototype is expected to make its maiden flight in April 1991.
Some guests were found passed out.
And though many countries might be envious of Norway's 3.2 percent unemployment figure, that December rate was more than double the figure for December 1987, and it's expected to keep climbing.
Since coming to Washington, Mashat has also built bridges with members of Congress.
Part 4 started fast and passionate and ended with what looked like a gang fight.
Bids are being considered from four companies - Davy McKee of the UK, Minproc Engineering and BHP Utah International of Australia, and Paulo Abib/Andrea Gutierrez of Brazil. The favoured company will be granted a Dollars 200m contract.
"We therefore do not believe that First Interstate's financial performance in 1991 should maintain the pace established in 1990," said Edward Carson, First Interstate's chief executive officer.
No explicit reason for the changes were given.
It was not immediately known whether he was linked to the planned escape.
Upjohn, which has previously said it isn't for sale, declined to comment on the latest speculation.
She died of a massive skull fracture, a coroner said.
Perhaps that is why we have been reading stories about the prime minister negotiating a new fiscal concordat with the palace. Monarchists must hope that he is successful.
When the chips are down, the investment in talent will pay off, Mr. Klingenberg says.
"The momentum is with us, it's going our way," he told them.
Investors focused on the futures markets in Singapore after rumours that futures buying by a New York based fund had pushed the Nikkei up by 1.7 per cent on Tuesday. Volume fell to 230m shares from 349m.
The VA has predicted that usage of the $300 monthly benefit will peak in 1995 and that from then to the turn of the century nearly 250,000 participants will collect about $500 million dollars each year _ or about $1,900 each.
The lowest was 2% in Lincoln, Neb.
They also are used to amplify signals from devices ranging from stereos to communication satellites.
The announcement came less than a week after the bank's board of directors forced out Walter Connolly as chairman, naming H. Ridgely Bullock as an interim replacement.
It surely comes from a very imaginative mind," Trouerbach said.
"It's just a clean bill of health," he said.
Authorities would not comment beyond information contained in the indictment, so it was not immediately clear how the other LeQuires were related to Jerry Allen LeQuire.
All of which explains why the latest fall in its confidence index, back to - 24, is so worrying, both for the government and the economy.
He was contacted by telephone in Male by The Associated Press and said the captain's statement "may have been propaganda." The BBC report identified the ship as the Progress Light.
The price of a gallon of gasoline jumped from 7 cents to more than $2 and the cost of many food products tripled and quadrupled.
"I was wooed and pursued in this job with great vigor.
It put signs on the Virginia side saying the real sale was in North Carolina; the Virginians retaliated with similar signs in North Carolina.
But where is Sen. Biden's religiously held belief in an "evolution" and "expansiveness" of meaning as he asserted in the constitutional debate last autumn?
Financial help will be sought from multilateral lending organizations like the World Bank.
'It is a major step backwards,' said one Patronat official yesterday.
Wasserstein and Perella, and Charles Ward, with whom he will head the mergers-and-acquisitions advisory group, are "people I trust and respect and like."
Four of the firms _ Tele-Communications, InterMedia, TCA and Falcon _ were involved in a previous deal to buy the cable properties for an estimated $1.47 billion.
Parliament then met in Lebanon to elect a president of the republic, Rene Mouawad, and swiftly re-convened to elect Hrawi after Mouawad was assassinated by remote-controlled bomb.
Oskar Fischer, East Germany's foreign minister, sided with Gorbachev on the human rights issue in opening the three-day conference in this East German city southwest of Berlin.
With hourly wages in 1992 65 per cent of the west German level, but output per worker at only 40 per cent, it is unlikely to enjoy one.
Likewise, the Jimmy Dean company is pushing English muffins topped with ham and cheese or sausage.
There are two reasons why.
His trial, however, was postponed indefinitely after he was diagnosed as having brain cancer.
There is no widespread boom.
As mid-day temperatures soared, the cat's cries grew weaker as frantic passersby gathered around the car and searched for the car's owner.
He worked with ACE to develop similar programs for adults, from the illiterate to those in need of refresher courses.
Mr. Adham is frequently described as a former Arab spymaster, but neither part of that description is true.
Two of the Vatican's highest officials met with clergymen of an underground Catholic church Friday in the first official contact since Josef Stalin crushed the church more than 40 years ago.
Export sales in the year to March 1994 were Dollars 8bn, reflecting a 21 per cent growth over the previous year. The ministry of textiles is confident that the Dollars 9bn target for the current year will be achieved.
General Electric Co. said Monday that its third-quarter profit rose 16 percent mainly as a result of improved performances in its plastics, financial services and medical systems divisions.
A Seattle detective spoke with New Bedford authorities by telephone on Friday to determine if there are any links between the Massachusetts slayings and the so-called "Green River killer" blamed for 48 deaths in Washington prior to 1984.
Revenues were Dollars 795m, against Dollars 764m. The Warner Brothers filmed entertainment business recorded Dollars 104m operating profit on the same basis, up from Dollars 96m a year ago.
Tests showed "it was on the verge of kidney failure and other things.
First a brass choir proceeded from the main door of the church down the nave, through the roodscreen, to the altar, its solemn fanfare reechoing in the shadowy air.
And every indication is that brokers are reaping lucrative rewards from huge commissions they've been generating.
It is hard to see what else would have drawn her to this cloying, lightweight piece of American nostalgia. The year is 1962, and Bates is a plucky widow trying to raise six kids on minimum wages.
Under law, McCarthy can be hel in jail as long as the grand jury hearing evidence in the case remains in session.
We don't really want to see this.
That last, he relates, was the unkindest cut.
He noted that western consumer and corporate confidence has been knocked and suggested that the car industry "seems to be heading for a grim fourth quarter" in 1991.
Mr. Huston didn't slight his youngest son, 26-year-old Danny, either.
Boeing is competing for both orders with Airbus Industrie.
"People are trying to figure out what Ciba-Geigy's upper limit is," said Avi Dalfen, a Toronto-based analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc.
Ten days earlier, the board approved bonuses totaling $150,000 for the Bakkers.
The coming change in the labor force will follow a decade, the 1980s, of significant social transformation in the United States, lifestyle changes likely to continue through the coming 10 years.
New condominium and industrial projects had eradicated many of the state's farmlands - the very scenery tourists came to New Hampshire to see. The economic picture in Vermont, while not exactly up-beat, is better than that of its eastern neighbour.
The Runaways, who played punk rock, were never big sellers and they took their share of critical lumps before breaking up in the late 1970s over fights about future direction.
Bork resigned after his nomination to the Supreme Court was rejected by the Senate in the most bitter judicial fight of recent years.
Many press lawyers figure that the Senate probably could find the reporters in contempt, but only after exhausting all other alternatives for discovering who leaked.
On the Republican side, state Rep. Johnny Isakson and former Superior Court Judge Greeley Ellis are running.
Meanwhile, Edward J. DeBartolo Jr., whose family's business empire includes the San Francisco 49ers, is spending his time during the strike trying to buy a controlling interest in Zayre Corp.
However, the Ruhr-Zink and Duisburg refineries 'are suffering from depressed zinc and lead prices and will turn round as economies recover'.
Indeed, some of the most successful investors are pure stock-pickers. If you still want to run a portfolio spread as widely as our models, how do you do it?
Bronson Methodist Hospital in Kalamazoo filed suit last month, claiming Sarabond-mortared brickwork on a service-elevator tower built in the early 1970s was deteriorating.
One tiny village, Magny le Hongre, now has a population of 350 locals and 800 young newcomers. Since April 1 more than 1,000 staff have left.
Rolls-Royce PLC, a maker of aviation engines, cut its work week from 39 to 37 hours to end a six-week strike by 2,000 engineering workers at its Glasgow plant.
The move comes about a month after the Belzbergs failed to seat three of four nominees on the Armstrong board and the state enacted legislation that requires corporate raiders to surrender short-term profits from thwarted takeover bids.
Seventeen people have been killed and nearly 200 injured in nearly 40 bombings in South Africa this year.
Steinberg, a 47-year-old disbarred lawyer, is charged with second-degree murder.
His expenditure next year will be Pounds 21m higher than in 1993-94, at Pounds 955m.
The auto maker began notifying dealers of the recall by letter yesterday.
Nevertheless, Mr. Quello and Mr. Kaminer said support for the switch is soft.
Mia Angel said the president was "fun," but "he didn't shake my hand."
January marked the ninth consecutive month of year-to-year decline in the country's merchandise trade surplus.
Options in this range include bank CDs; Treasury securities bought directly from the government or through a bank or broker, and "limited maturity" bond mutual funds.
Usti nad Labem is 60 miles north of Prague.
The immunoglobulin therapy has been approved to treat some types of immune deficiency diseases, but experimental uses have developed what Lipsky called "anecdotal evidence" that IVIG may be useful in treating other illnesses.
Nasdaq's biggest technology stocks were mostly higher.
He poured asphalt driveways, sold some insurance and at age 32 got into the brokerage business.
Mr. Dion, who stepped into Webb's top position last November, succeeded Robert K. Swanson, whose abrupt resignation was attributed to his health.
Pollsters agreed that voters were in a sour mood, unhappy with the president and Congress alike on their handling of the economy.
Distasteful though it may be in its message and its strategies, "Bouncers" is nevertheless a tight, canny play, smartly staged by Ron Link and relentless in its drill-team assault on the audience.
Sri Lanka lies just south of the Indian peninsula in the Indian Ocean.
After listening to Greenspan, Riegle, chairman of the securities subcommittee, said he was concerned about the bill's implications and was reconsidering his support.
According to Mr. Baker, that group is "adamantly opposed" to the assault-weapon ban.
"If you're truly, permanently going to space, you've got to have a system like this," says plant physiologist William Knott, head of the project.
But it will wait until July to decide what to do thereafter.
But Bilzerian never followed through with a formal bid and did not file any documents detailing his offer with the SEC, as required by law, the paper said.
A federal prosecutor, testifying Monday at the start of hearings in the impeachment trial of Judge Alcee L. Hastings, said he was shocked that the judge ordered the return of $845,000 forfeited in a racketeering case.
Mr. Lynch bought 1,000 shares of Grace on July 5 for $31,380, according to a filing with the SEC.
The attackers' identities were not known, police said when contacted by telephone in Chittagong, 145 miles southeast of Dhaka.
Many of the strongest Nasdaq stocks in the past few weeks have been among the 1,747 small or thinly traded issues that aren't in Nasdaq's National Market System.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday, Jim Walter closed at $57.25, down 75 cents.
Kremlin officials said this past week that a further liberalization in immigration laws was planned.
The girl told friends she got the idea of putting rat poison in the sandwich from the movie "Heathers," an R-rated black comedy featuring teen-age murder and a tight clique of popular girls, King County police said.
Within hours, volunteer diggers were unearthing interesting shards of pottery, including a button-size chip of blue and white Mexican majolica clay used in pottery since the 17th century.
Just before the close of the second act of "Joe Turner," the people in the boarding house hold a "Juba": an ecstatic religious outpouring of song and dance.
Now that a state school district has been created, Jersey City's local board of education is abolished and the school superintendent as well as several other top administrators were ousted.
"The U.S. ought to keep its eye on the Iranian negotiations and not on the Lebanese negotiations," said former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger yesterday on ABC-TV's "This Week with David Brinkley."
Fewer agricultural banks owned repossessed farmland last year than in 1987, a survey by the American Bankers Association indicates.
"If you go to (the networks) with a best-selling novel and a star, you'll produce it.
The Foreign Office summoned the Iraqi ambassador to inform him of the expulsion but refused to link the action to the alleged smuggling operation.
This is a travesty. The Winslows may not be rich, but they are comfortably off, the father having recently retired from a senior post at the Westminster Bank.
It sets a 14th-century liturgical drama that would have been enacted at Notre Dame in Paris on Easter Sunday.
The state-owned fuel monopoly says sales of gasoline dropped more than 20 percent during the first 20 days of 1990, compared with 1989.
A survey I have conducted shows that this view is not remarkably widespread - largely, perhaps, because Belgium is a kingdom. Nevertheless, the arrest of Pineau-Valencienne does lead to consideration of another astounding coincidence.
Twenty-one students in Alton, Texas, died when their school bus, involved in a collision with a truck, careened into a water-filled pit.
The government seeks to make the official and commercial rates converge, possibly as soon as Jan. 1, giving the zloty a convertible value that would ensure Western companies a way to translate profits into other currencies.
He is survived by two children, Philip Jr. of Princeton, N.Y., and Kathryn Reed Smith of Davis, Calif; four grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren.
Moreover, the Commerce Department's National Telecommunications and Information Administration has joined IBM, CompuServe Inc. and others in urging the FCC to set clear, tough guidelines.
An eighth defendant was acquitted of all charges, but still faces a state murder charge in an unrelated case.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency is continuing to review the damage and include some other affected parishes, the White House said.
A final dividend of 6p brings the total to 9p (7.8p).
Peasant farmers Andres Cordova and Felipe Orellana said their hamlet, Los Pozos, was strafed the same day.
Several banks have representative offices and US, German, Dutch and French banks are preparing to set up new branches. Meanwhile, the strongest Polish banks are increasing their reserves and raising their capital adequacy ratios.
Every business in town is offering people and products and calling in to help. It's incredible.
Queens Moat shares slipped 1 1/2 to 44p.
Wright endorsed the $3,000 check over to Madison Publishing Company.
One of the questions Briscoe refused to answer was why he gave Wilson a 15 percent interest in one project in Riviera Beach, Fla.
At that meeting, says the Justice Department, pricing was discussed for the first time.
She requests details of my job history, which I provide. 'The fact you went for journalism suggests it,' she says.
Courts should have the power to penalize those responsible for making unfounded assertions in filings, not merely the attorney who signs the document.
They point out that Iraqis, having just lived through an eight-year war with Iran, are used to finding substitutes for goods in short supply and making do without.
The woman called the "godmother" of a drug-smuggling cult that killed 15 people was charged Wednesday night with two other members in the weekend deaths of their leader and his right-hand man, authorities said.
EDS said there will be no layoffs involved in the switch.
"I'm looking forward to a very active campaign.
Analysts said the same aggressive management style that helped Coleco hit the jackpot with the gamble on Cabbage Patch Kids in 1983 helped bring on its troubles.
Its biggest beer brand is Vilagos; it also makes Pepsi-Cola, 7-Up and Canada Dry brands under license.
Counselors plan to stay into next year.
He succeeds Joe E. Harris Sr., who continues as chief executive officer.
Its enhanced communication services won't be available in their first market, Los Angeles, until August 1993.
At best, they would be absurdly cumbersome to administer.
And, some of the cuts Start mandates in superpower arsenals might be made anyway because of simple budget restraints in the U.S. and Moscow.
Willy Brandt, who led the nation in the early 1970s, had his Ostpolitik, or political opening to the East bloc.
It is "effectively a tax break for the wealthy to be paid for by the middle class.
Air New Zealand declined 5 cents to NZDollars 1.77 on news of further deregulation in air routes between Australia and New Zealand.
One can only do that if one wants to encourage suicide," Eberhard Zastrau of the Deutsche Aids-Hilfe (German AIDS Help) self-help group told The Associated Press in Munich.
Isabelle Penzler, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, acknowledges that while these restrictions have never touched off a public outcry, they become for people who covet the right to choose "a burning issue.
Sales increased 24 per cent to Pounds 586m, twice the figure achieved three years ago and nearly a third of overall sales. Mr Robb said Zovirax's potential was by no means exhausted.
'With the setting up of all these thermal units, you'll need a lot of oil' he says. Despite the government's commitment, some analysts are still nervous over possible setbacks.
Mr. Tapp estimated the metal aerosol cans accounted for C$3 billion of sales in each of the European and North American container markets.
Can they keep wages down?
United's market share had fallen to 16.2% as of the end of last year from an industry-leading 19.6% in 1978.
Some 120,000 packets of the seeds were distributed to 58,000 teachers to be grown by their students.
Earnings came out at 14p (12.7p) and the interim dividend is raised to 3.5p (3p).
Municipal Bonds Prices of municipal bonds fell between 1/8 and 3/8 points yesterday as a deluge of new supply overwhelmed demand.
The London School of Economics would like to move there from cramped premises on the other side of the river. Such a move would express confidence in a British institution of world renown.
Akron Education Association President William Siegferth said 98 percent of the 2,000-member teachers union voted to accept the contract.
Mr. Lawson suggested that Britain no longer has a precise target range for the pound.
The dollar dipped slightly in midmorning selling, but rebounded somewhat later.
The persistence of the budget deficit is overwhelming evidence that the federal budget process is fundamentally flawed.
Since George Bush and I put our economic policies in place, we've witnessed the longest peacetime expansion in American history, an expansion that has created over 17.5 million jobs.
Cold rain was expected to become locally heavy snow in the mountains and passes.
The five countries signed the agreement Tuesday, and it will include East Germany after the expected reunification if the two Germanys.
'For example, the Investment Portfolio showed 39 per cent growth in assets over the four years, against Cazenove Portfolio's 37 per cent and CU Managed 36 per cent.' The UK Selection falls more clearly into the UK equity general category.
Spendthrift has been reeling from financial and management troubles.
More political attacks on state welfare systems may be just around the corner, public policy observers predict, if the economy worsens and state budget-cutters become more desperate.
Rats getting nicotine gain weight more slowly than ordinary rats; when the nicotine is stopped, their weight shoots up dramatically.
The English-language Jerusalem Post criticized Krauss' position in an editorial Wednesday.
His efforts since 1983 to rebuild his party have left him one of the toughest politicians of his generation.
On pharmaceuticals, Chinese patent law will protect the specific process for manufacturing a drug, but not the drug itself.
It was raised more than 1m off the ground on thick trunks, and the eaves of its thatched roof sloped down almost to the level of the platform. The Sakuddai are justifiably proud of their homes.
MEDIA POLICY: MacNamara Clapp & Klein, a small New York shop, is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications.
The unpredictable flow has encircled this tiny coastal town, and scientists said lava could overrun what's left of the community within days.
If Western culture goes, this kind of curiosity goes too, and with it our chance of learning about and learning from other cultures.
Calls and letters from individual shareholders have been "overwhelmingly against" the settlement, said one source close to the company.
The 124-year-old firm suffered a major blow to its reputation when it became embroiled in the Ivan Boesky insider trading scandal. Kidder agreed in 1987 to pay a then-record $25.3 million settle civil charges with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The estate settled without admitting or denying the SEC's charges against Mr. Clark, a former lawyer.
In the South African case, the spirits have seized us, but others will suffer.
A medicine commonly used to control epilepsy in pregnant women appears to cause minor birth defects and retardation, raising a dilemma about how to prevent seizures that can also harm the unborn, a study concludes.
About 6,000 people took part in the Dublin parade, which winds along a three-mile route from St. Stephen's Green to O'Connell Street, the main thoroughfare.
Riots left at least 270 people dead in Venezuela in February after the government announced a new austerity program to please that country's creditors.
Thursday's shooting of four Palestinians by soldiers came shortly after 3:30 a.m. in Gaza City.
Band leader Xavier Cugat was hospitalized today for heart and respiratory problems, his doctor said.
Fighting has raged in the surrounding area since Jan. 17 and has sent 5,000 Karen civilians fleeing across the Thai border.
Many troubled thrifts are concentrated in the Southwest.
The comment was reported by the Tass news agency.
The Garechts received support from the parents of 8-year-old Amber Swartz-Garcia, who disappeared from Pinole on June 3, and the parents of 10-year-old Kevin Collins, who vanished nearly five years ago in San Francisco.
He also committed Japan to discuss specific means of monitoring Japan's system for qualifying bidders and awarding contracts.
The multimillion-dollar charity was founded by William Sample, a former Philadelphia police officer.
"We have created the foundation and the structure of WHO's critical and ongoing role in global AIDS prevention and control," he wrote Nakajima in his letter of resignation.
Closed-door negotiations over the air legislation have been going on for weeks on both sides of the Capitol.
Otherwise, a human must answer the phone and decide.
And for all who have suffered, it has destroyed the once clear financial advantage of buying one's own home. Redundancy is equally responsible for preventing people moving home.
Under Mr. Fowler, and his successor Dennis Patrick, the FCC has begun to loosen the rules, arguing that the vast growth in media outlets protects the public against media barons who would dominate public debate.
All of the Western firms sent letters of welcome said they would proceed with their applications, despite the high costs of setting up a Korean branch.
And that does not include the threat of the so-called greenhouse effect, which some scientists say could raise temperatures worldwide and change rainfall patterns.
Fagan said the Greenpeace was "`dead in the water" for about an hour until the crew got one of the engines restarted.
"I don't have any problem with saying that there is no other mural in the world like this, neither in dimension nor in artistic quality," the artist said while the work was on temporary display in Mexico City's Museum of Modern Art in 1984.
He turned up a good five minutes after all his colleagues - or so he must have thought.
Witnesses also reported at least 30 people were beaten by police outside the Beijing Hotel.
'In the end, despite what was offered him by John Clark (BET's chief executive) he was not persuaded to stay on.'
But forcing disclosure of more information will force issuers financing risky projects to pay higher interest rates, he said.
Williams said all the companies are requiring excessive overtime rather than hiring additional employees, which increases pension and benefit expenses.
"This action underscores the need for a dialogue between the government and the black opposition to bring about a fully functioning non-racial democracy," said White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater.
Police said Roda may be charged with sedition and other offenses linked to the violence.
Polls show they have lost crucial support to the environmentalist Greens.
The case concerned the school board's right to require a teacher to lead the pledge, an issue identical to that in Massachusetts.
Like many of the Islamic revolution's hard core, she is watching closely for signs of deviation from that line following the death of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
Pryor also cited the EPA contracts with ICF Inc., including the one for preparing the agency's annual report to Congress on Superfund, as another example where questions of conflict of interest might be raised.
He showed me a switch.
Fink resigned from R.P. Scherer in November after opposing the sale of the company in an unsuccessful proxy battle with heirs of the founder.
The government bond market was closed Monday in the U.S. for Memorial Day.
The Intel spokesman said the FTC hasn't approached Intel and that Intel isn't aware of any formal inquiry, adding that the queries appeared to be routine and "not serious."
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50% of near-term generation capacity, adding: "We expect to supply a significant share of this market."
With many states falling far behind their anticipated revenues, taxes seem to have only one direction to go.
If opinion polls are correct, Quebeckers will sweep the separatists back into power in a provincial election, ending nine years of rule by the Liberal party, which wants Quebec to remain part of Canada.
But as cost becomes less of a deterrent, virtual reality looks set to become widely adopted as a practical tool.
The power plant, which turns a single propeller, is said to be capable of developing 22,000 shaft horsepower.
But the agreement wasn't announced as planned yesterday evening.
"A mechanism to remove political considerations from discussions of mission changes and consolidations is desperately needed," he said.
The USS Narwhal, a nuclear attack submarine that was tied up at the Charleston Navy shipyard, broke loose from its moorings, said a Pentagon spokesman, Lt.
But some employers make up the difference between the usually-lower military pay and the civilian salary when a reservist goes off to summer camp.
Through its subsidiaries, Sofipa and Lombardia Fincapital, it can promote risk capital ventures. All these latter activities as well as direct export credit financing, are regarded as non-agency work.
"This is a bill to try to alleviate pain and suffering," he said.
U.S. Attorney General Edwin Meese III called anew on Friday for a multinational force to combat global drug trafficking.
A commission spokesman blamed rightist death squads.
Violette Verdy, ballerina in the company from 1958 to 1977, choreographed "Set of Seven" to 19th century Romantic-style piano music by Mary Jean van Appledorn, head of the music department at Texas Tech University.
The test car, an upscale XR2 turbo, seemed at ease in many sport maneuvers as well as on leisurely Sunday drives.
The tourists who really matter are Europeans, but the figures here have not changed much since the late 1980s - 1.6m to 1.8m annually.
A 16-month-old boy strapped into a car seat was mauled to death by a 200-pound leopard that escaped from its cage at the family's farm, authorities said.
Trading was thin, with first section volume estimated at 350 million shares, down from Tuesday's 400 million.
For now, though, July is still for enjoying the precious long days, never mind the recession.
Trading ended early on the Comex, before noon in New York, because of a communications problem.
Boyd L. Jefferies used to thrive on four hours of sleep a night, arriving for work at 1:30 a.m. and staying until evening to command the aggressive stock-trading desk of the brokerage that bears his name.
Partly, perhaps, because Adam Smith, more than 200 years ago, was so disarmingly honest about it.
For the next fiscal year, the rate is expected to be 2.4%.
Demand evident for spot and nearby, especially for better grades.
Other banks also fell, particularly those in the Northeast.
The airline said the pilots' walkout was illegal and asked U.S. District Judge Edward B. Davis to force them back to work.
"The timing was right because of the success of UMC," he says.
He sits in the party committee's office at the Huta Warszawa steel mill, amid the regulation decor: bust of Lenin, potted palm, portrait of Lenin, bust of Marx.
These stocks weakened as the Big Three U.S. car makers reported lower sales in early September.
Touring a car plant in Malaysia, Major looked at green cars, red cars, white cars and blue cars.
"The history of it is that men have exercised traditional control over the activities of women, and I'm not going to ignore that, no matter how much flak I get from women's lib," U.S. District Judge A. Andrew Hauk said Tuesday.
"That is a valid complaint if state government is going to ignore the cities, ignore their wishes and not work with them hand in glove," he said.
Of the total, 48.3% will come from the Taiwanese government, 27.5% from the Dutch concern and the rest from several Taiwanese companies, including Formosa Plastics Corp.
Nowadays, he said, U.S. intelligence agents and KGB officers from the Soviet Embassy no longer appear regularly to roam Kamkin's aisles, spying on each other in the hope of learning what the other side is reading.
Ms. Norwood said that Southland has been "out of the dairy business for three years" and "none of the company's senior management or 7-Eleven stores" have been named in any of the prosecutions or the suit.
The review commission in the past has said it is fundamentally unfair to assess multiple penalties for similar violations.
Robu said one of Ceausescu's daughters, Zoia-Elena, and another son, Valentin, were in jail but were not leading figures in the ousted regime.
He added that "just as our investment managers are taking a contrarian view and perhaps going into the market, so our oil people expect the price of oil to go down."
The Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly a quarter of a point, or more than $2.50 for each $1,000 face amount.
"I was as far away as I could get at Alamogordo.
The controversy developed after Mandela, on an otherwise triumphant 14-nation trip to promote his anti-apartheid efforts, said in Dublin that the British government should negotiate with the Irish Republican Army.
He spoke to Radio Catolica, Nicaragua's Roman Catholic Church radio station, in a telephone interview from San Jose, Costa Rica, where the summit was held.
Fans of Birmingham City spilled onto the field after Crystal Palace took a 1-0 lead.
When Moody's originally rated the bonds, "we made some judgements about the possible range of political instability that might take place in China," said David Levey, another Moody's analyst.
They are demanding that Nagorno-Karabakh, an Armenian-dominated region in the neighboring republic of Azerbaijan, be turned over to Armenia Ethnic Azeris are predominantly Moslem, while most Armenians are Christian.
She had been cared for at her apartment in neighboring Hamden by a Connecticut Hospice nurse, who looked in on her twice a week, an outside nurse and a privately hired, live-in aide who took care of her around-the-clock.
The subtlest anti-hero of the month is Beatty as Bugsy Siegel in Barry Levinson's gloriously sweet-and-sour gangster history about the man who made Las Vegas.
'You will never get the same intensity of colour with microfibres,' says Bartle. The greater surface area can be useful, however.
Now a long-awaited Treasury study says 1984 and 1985 tax revenues were way off the mark for reasons unforeseen by estimaters.
The areas are likely to include pensions, international issues, and large partnerships.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Reagan will propose eliminating 80 programs, many of them survivors of past Reagan hit lists.
Spam has been a staple in the PX ever since, cheering the U.S. troops that are still kept here.
Orders for home appliances, machinery and other major durable goods rose 3.3 percent last month, the government said.
Former Sen. Howard Baker Jr. says Congress may be institutionally incapable of setting its own salary. "It is the grand daddy conflict of interest of all time," he told the salary commission.
When one lumps all the split capital shares together, you end up with a conventional investment trust.
But it requires wholesale replacement of lecturers and classrooms with silicon chips and glass threads.
If the money was placed in a money market account paying 6.5%, the loss after two two-week delays would come to $19.94.
Apart from a standard database providing an overview of financial markets, Pulse offers foreign exchange, various indices, equities and metals.
The oil concern agreed to increase its contribution to the hospital and medical insurance as much as an additional $10 a month per employee the first year and as much as an additional $12 a month per employee in the second year.
He also succeeded in having charges dropped against a man in connection with the killing of two soldiers at an IRA funeral last year.
His death June 3, and the July 28 election of Rafsanjani, raised hopes that Iran's leadership would move the country away to some extent from clerical domination.
The cave-in occurred as the men were removing coal about 2,400 feet into the mine.
She said released hostages have told her that guards hold guns to the heads of the captives every time there is a knock on the door.
Bush was to meet on Tuesday with Vaclav Havel, the new president of Czechoslovakia, and the first of the new Eastern European leaders to come to the White House.
The boom in the property and stock markets fizzled out two years ago.
Second, it avoids the "moral hazard" problem of rewarding countries that have not undertaken significant adjustment measures or that do not need debt relief.
About 70% of NCR's shareholders are predominantly institutional investors who can readily be contacted by AT&T's proxy solicitors.
According to the royal palace, the crackdown left 10 people dead and 107 injured throughout the country on April 6. But witnesses said at least 200 people were killed in Katmandu alone.
Ellin said Almaraz told him he was exposed to AIDS when blood from an AIDS patient squirted into his eyes and mouth during an operation in New York about seven years ago.
She said Hunthausen has not significantly changed his leadership since the Vatican investigation.
In Oklahoma, lightning struck an oil storage tank in Yukon, sparking a fire that destroyed a second tank and threatened a third tank saved by firefighters.
Nov. 2 _ The Texas Supreme Court refuses to hear Texaco's appeal, letting stand the judgment against Texaco, now worth $10.3 billion.
Two warrants were issued for her arrest after she failed to make court appearances for her February offenses.
But AT&T said it has the only card whose software allows it to be used for multiple purposes.
"Sometimes hard times bring people together," said Sen. David Pryor, D-Ark., a member of the ethics panel.
Its citizens' average income reached a peak of $1,720 dollars in 1982 after increasing for a decade, and has dropped since.
The Senate opened debate on the U.S.-Soviet medium-range missile treaty Tuesday, just over a week before President Reagan leaves for the Moscow summit.
Oil now covers 1,000 square miles, leaking out of the sound to foul beaches along the Gulf of Alaska and Cook Inlet.
The reforms were to include opening up the flagging centralized economy, removing restrictions on religion, and improving human rights standards.
Without the "strongest action" from FDA to stop the misleading claims, "we are approaching total chaos in the marketplace," Weiss said.
This month, for instance, Unocal received $42.23 a barrel for oil produced at Parachute Creek, but the government paid $23.46 of that.
"We, obviously, are urging that the cease-fire be maintained," he said.
And, they have character.
"I felt like once they got production up, you were going to get an incentive," he said Thursday. "The numbers just justify it." GM's minivans went on sale last October.
But blacks voted for him just the same, and he won.
An earlier edition incorrectly said it borrowed the full amount.
Hills operates 139 discount department stores in the U.S.
Jobs of activated reservists are guaranteed upon return.
The crisis prompted cancellation of today's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Colombia.
Justice Department spokesman Pat Korten confirmed Tuesday night in a telephone interview that Meese had recused himself from the investigation.
He whispered that his brother had been there.
Adding to the nervousness was concern over the report due tomorrow on last month's merchandise trade balance.
Dr. Peter Rosier, who said he wanted to end his wife's suffering from cancer, was found innocent of first-degree murder, attempted murder and conspiracy.
Texas Air's fuel management arrangement with Eastern.
It was expected to be formally announced to about 5,000 theologians and archaeologists at the American Schools of Oriental Research convention in New Orleans this weekend.
For a biography of this difficult artist that captures the man's spirit, the ingenious sparkle that subdued his enemies and found its way into all those marvelous novels, readers unfamiliar with Waugh may prefer Mr. Sykes's less exacting volume.
"The Department of Conservation is asking for a 48-hour cleanup capability for a much larger minimum spill of at least 250,000 barrels," the size of the Exxon Valdez disaster, said Dietrick.
Many Christian fundamentalists, who interpret the Bible literally, believe the ark must be on Mount Ararat.
The 18 manuscripts include religious works by Mozart and Michael Haydn transcribed by monks in the 18th century and s- an evening mass - and liturgical works by lesser-known composers, Roberts said.
"This is a contest, this is a fight," says Don Sipple of Sipple Strategic Communications in Washington, one of three political consultants creating the current crop of Bush ads.
For many in this country where food is a national obsession, Bocuse remains "the emperor" of cuisine, despite the rating of three toques, by the 1989 edition of the Gault-Millau guidebook, which deemed his food not in step with the times.
We'll end up at No. 1 for basketball players to see, or at No. 5 at infant height," he says.
Now I do. In the crystal-clear waters of Lake Lucerne, I see swans plunge their necks downwards and sweep the bottom with their bills, watch flocks of ducks use their wings to swim along under the surface as if in flight.
Peck, 72, was honored at a tribute Thursday attended by scores of Hollywood stars.
As a result, Taiwan has stopped shipping the machine-tool parts to Israel, and the Israeli company that made the machine tools has gone out of business."
Mr Mallinkrodt says this encourages their clients to trust them.
The news conferences were hastily called after news of the gene discovery leaked out earlier this week.
It said the likely gross sales of gilts would be Pounds 37bn, and it would continue to fund via a combination of monthly gilt auctions and sales of stock 'on tap' in the secondary market.
The reporters shoved telephones out their hotel windows and allowed listeners back home to hear the actual sounds of the beginning of the war.
The State Department "has let this thing slide" Hopkins said in a telephone interview Friday.
And we saw Vice President Bush fly back from the West Coast to break a tie in the United States Senate.
Hydro-Quebec today has more U.S. dollar debt than any corporation in the industrial world, except for a couple of the biggest LBOs.
The crack was in the outermost of four panes of glass in the porthole.
Friday's action by federal agents was the first in the case in some time.
There were no bridges or border posts or hustlers here, just a rowboat and a ferryman sitting on the far bank beside a burro.
Lawyers for the plaintiffs also said they were satisfied with the jury award.
London shares climbed, pushed up by a surging pound and a firm opening on Wall Street.
All I know is that the structure there is illegal," Ms. Davidson said.
"We believe this special rate program will stimulate car buyers to visit their local GM dealers," said John R. Edman, GMAC chairman.
The authority has filed an appeal in state Supreme Court claiming insufficient evidence of discrimination and that the award was excessive.
Cameras are allowed in the courtroom only during recesses, Patterson decided.
Northern EC nations said the plan discriminates against their relatively large, efficient farms.
Now its ambitious expansion plans are being scaled back.
Sales rose 16% to $1.02 billion.
One hijacker appeared in the door of the plane with a hand grenade in his upraised fist.
The magazine, which features topless women, tattoo artists and bikers in black leather, carries a 10-page piece on the publisher of Forbes magazine, himself an avid biker.
Mr. Beregovoy's comments to the newspaper Liberation appear to confirm that speculation.
Don't forget to allow for the bulky wires and plugs at the back of the components.
An official at Orlando's airport, where Braniff flies about 25 flights a day, said the airline told her only that flights were canceled for yesterday afternoon.
The yen has been under pressure recently because of Japan's relatively low interest rates and as rumors of anotehr stock scandal start to surface.
Bush did not take part in the two leaders' 30-minute Oval Office meeting but did join talks attended by Secretary of State George Shultz and other top officials from both governments on a wide range of international problems.
"In the new year, may the only cold war in the world be the one being fought by us," say the ads for the antihistamine and nasal decongestant.
TransCanada said it will modify part of the old expansion proposal in its new plan.
Abdel-Moneim did not give the exact number of Arab countries that had accepted Mubarak's summit proposal.
Mr. Poole's favorites are Nancy Oh, Come By Chance, and Nicky's Nose.
It's more crowded than Dunwoody, and the students on average score lower on standardized tests like the SAT.
An attempt to quietly remove a nearly century-old stone monument honoring white supremacists has sparked racial tensions and threatens federal funds for a construction project, officials said.
At the same time, 71 percent of all single-parent households pay more than 50 percent of their incomes for rent.
Consumer complaints against airlines in May rose 34% from the previous month, and were almost triple the year-earlier level, the Transportation Department said.
It is then for the business world to judge whether the cost will match the benefit. Michael Fowle is senior UK audit partner at KPMG Peat Marwick.
But the hypocrisy continues.
But Wood and Richards spoke freely.
And they say his grave belongs here in the country's capital because he was the only person ever to unite Yugoslavia's feuding ethnic groups.
The events - and, where possible, the survivors - speak for themselves.
At Cornell University, which will announce a roughly 7 percent tuition increase later this month, aid costs will reach $17.8 million next fall, compared with just $5.1 million in 1981, according to spokesman Sam Segal.
I'm not going to tell you what it is; just read it and call me back.' "When I opened the package and read `Arthur on the Rocks,' I said, `Oh, wait a minute, is this a good idea?'
Mr. Scott says he believes that, and adds: "I don't think Mr. Iacocca would authorize a bizarre thing like this."
Reporter Leonid Zagalsky of Literaturnaya Gazeta recently wrote that many health facilities appeared to be "from the previous century."
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out, then later sold Storer's cable operations at a fat profit.
"They really are in poor condition," he said. "Nationally, many school systems are not making physical education a mandatory course, or it's being dropped back to once a week.
Ramini Narayan, the head of organic and polymer research at Purdue University, has overcome these difficulties with a process that has attracted the interest of such big plastics makers as Dow Chemical Co. and Mobil Corp.
France, which has close ties to the Lebanese and ruled the country until 1943, suggested Perez de Cuellar travel to Syria or Tunisia to work out a cease-fire.
Bush's top economic adviser, Michael Boskin, trounced proposals that would have required automakers to increase the fuel efficiency of their cars and ordered greater use of nongasoline fuels, said some officials who were present.
A FIRE yesterday destroyed one of the most eye-catching pavilions of the Seville Universal Exposition, which opens on April 20, writes Tom Burns in Madrid. Firemen fought a four-hour battle to extinguish the blaze at the 'Time Machine'.
American Savings continues to be highly sensitive to interest-rate swings, and its core deposit base has been weakening.
Strongly capitalized West German and British banks generally appear to be in the best position among those in the EC nations to take advantage of the new rules.
Senators have noted that the Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power to declare war.
He measures that area at barely above recession level.
"Even if he didn't do much for the progress of our country, he didn't kill anybody," said Safi, who studied at Czechoslovakia's Charles University.
"If it intensifies and major nations are drawn into a conflict there, it is well to remember that copper is called the `metal of war,'" he said.
Mr Mark Vaughan Lee, chairman, said Danka had built stocks when prices rose due to exchange rate movements.
What happens, for instance, if Mattel inadvertently sends out a shipment of defective Barbie dolls and buyers refuse to pay for them?
A jury convicted them last year of extortion and both were sentenced to three years in prison with the recommendation they be released on parole after serving six months.
Winners included Sony, which rose 180 yen to 8650 yen ($1.13 to $54.45), and TDK, which was up 180 yen at 7060 yen.
More than a half dozen tornadoes accompanying the hurricane hit the Brownsville area today in advance of the center of the storm, blowing over at least two homes and injuring one person, a boy who suffered a minor head wound.
NASA administrator James Fletcher's announcement in January that the civilian-in-space program for the shuttle was kaput for "the next 20 flights, maybe forever" didn't help erase this perception.
There is that syndrome where the salesman sells you something and does not need to come back to you.
He no longer gives interviews because of what his spokesman calls inaccurate information in newspaper stories.
The former Communists finished third in East Germany's first free elections in March.
And there can be no question that the 1992 realisation of this Cosi proves infinitely preferable to the 1989 original.
A group of Democrats, together with one or two Republicans who voted against the president's plan, have been trying to draw up such an alternative.
The retail business, the purchase of which has been sharply criticized by shareholders and analysts, showed earnings more than doubled last year.
The robbery was believed carried out by a radical revolutionary group.
"These are general human rights, and they should be respected," Yuri V. Dubinin, the Soviet ambassador, said at a news conference in which he steered clear of the widespread condemnation of Iranian death threats against the author.
Oil is abundant, too.
My knuckles were pointing downward instead of out, and I was afraid I'd hurt my arm," the inventor testifies.
Among Moslem rulers, the trend is to try to co-opt it.
Saturday, he referred to it as a "family tax" that would drive up mortgage costs and prevent millions of people from buying homes.
The police spokesman quoted Winkler as telling the militia's chief of staff, Usama Saad, he did not know the identity of those who held him.
Bankers now seem to agree that economic growth must precede repayment, and that much of the debt is unpayable, as Latin leaders have argued for years.
He joked to the audience that it was wise to have Dukakis and himself appear on different days.
Tom Tyson, an OTC trader at Hambrecht & Quist Inc., said the strong book-to-bill figures portend a strengthening in the economy.
The bride, her head draped with a Spanish-style mantilla, has eyes only for her lover, whom she has abandoned to marry an older, richer man pictured in a top hat.
However, Thornburgh said, "We are taking steps to provide the necessary documentation to secure his extradition to the United States." A Colombian official said in Bogota that the first moves toward extraditing Martinez had already been made.
He carries a book to read, with pictures of his attorney wife and two-year-old daughter tucked inside.
The reason: Both domestic and foreign companies will scurry to purchase undervalued assets in the expectation that mergers and takeovers will be less favorably viewed by a new administration in Washington next year.
It's not the same as someone's back garden,' says Mr David Beskine, the Ramblers' campaigner on rights of way. The association is adamant it is not disputing ownership.
That is a worry that Sen. Wirth says he first began hearing a year ago during a meeting with Soviet scientists in Boston, several of whom have worked in the Soviet nuclear weapons program.
If these proceeds were spread over five years, the PSBR would be cut by Pounds 18bn initially (Pounds 15bn from the flotation, plus Pounds 3bn saving on road expenditure), and by more as the savings on debt interest built up.
United Newspapers publishes London's Daily Express and Sunday Express newspapers.
Die Welt said the former chief aide to SS leader Heinrich Himmler, Werner Grothmann, a long-time friend of Schulze-Kossens, was among two former Nazi officers who delivered eulogies during the service.
Prime informed only 14 of its customers of the injunction but notified the bulk of its other customers that it was still bound by Prime service contracts, the attorney said.
Adoptive parents, too, are seeking help from the agencies, saying their children are preoccupied with the question of where they came from.
When the promotion was launched last month, McDonald's said it planned to serve 80 million of the four-ounce boneless shoulder cuts, which are prepared in a hickory-flavored sauce with pickles and onions on a home-style roll.
The university's chief administrator, Rector Jakes Gerwel, says the campus will be "an intellectual home for the left." Tutu has been the target of government wrath for years because of his support of sanctions.
"Losing," in a democratic sense, is an alien concept in Communist social thinking.
Mexican inflation during the year's first 10 months surpassed that of all of 1986, the central bank said.
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates, conservative, free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps.
There's talk now that the FDA is pondering making implants available only to women who have lost breasts to cancer.
Rogers commanded the missile cruiser that mistakenly shot down an Iranian airliner in the Persian Gulf last July, killing all 290 people aboard.
In all, the 15 states accounted for more than 71 percent of the total U.S. export value last year, about the same proportion as in 1988.
The court documents contain transcripts of FBI interviews of Bailin in January 1989, six months before he was indicted by a federal grand jury.
Successes included observations of a white dwarf star, a star near the end of its life; a galaxy 41 million light years away that is believed to contain a black hole, ad Crab Nebula, a remnant of a supernova that occurred more than 900 years ago.
The collapse of oil prices in 1981 brought on the current economic crisis.
Col. Oliver North and Rear Adm.
The fixed-rate deal, RTC 1991-3, was backed by whole loans with original terms of 15 years and 30 years.
On July 18, the eve of a planned mass opposition rally, the government tightened martial law and threatened offenders with death sentences.
The air station is located on the eastern side of San Francisco Bay.
There have been conflicting studies on whether the Alaska spill would have been significantly reduced if the Exxon Valdez had a double hull.
Caplan said there was a "two-year window" between enactment of one law regarding sanity determination and a state Supreme Court ruling that the law had incorrectly stated legislative intent.
In Tokyo, Fujitsu declined to comment, saying a statement was being prepared.
Miami attorney Neal Sonnett, who represents Noriega on the drug indictments, said in Miami that he doubts the talks have ended.
The average yield for a two-year broker-sold CD fell to 8.13% from 8.22%.
Jack Lindsay, a prolific Australian man of letters and lifelong Marxist, died at his home in the English university city of Cambridge.
Robert L. Charlebois, who sang in major opera houses of Europe in the 1950s and early 1960s, has died after a long illness.
So the merchant bank is concentrating on "new things," including the trading of a world-wide range of stocks, bonds, Treasury bills and currencies.
The bishops did not take a stand on whether penalties should be imposed, but several Catholic leaders said the church should discuss the possibility and action has been taken in some dioceses.
His widow, who lives in Sun Prairie, Wis., is the heir to his estate.
Analysts said that closely held Macy is marginally profitable at best and is saddled with huge debt payments.
"The market for left-handed golfers is much smaller than the right-handed market," says Mr. Olman, shaking his head in disgust.
The tourney delivered plenty of that, with four former titlists (Nicklaus, Floyd, Faldo and German Bernhard Langer) among the six players who began the final day in contention.
"The absolute increases in manufacturing productivity and output don't support the case for a rapidly eroding industrial base.
Here Mr. Kinsley's slogan, "Innocent civilians will be killed," is being implanted by the intellectuals and media to justify the betrayal of anti-Communist movements in Angola and Mozambique.
Mr. Lear's own journey took him to the pinnacle of power and success in Hollywood, only to see him retreat for several years.
The question is whether Midland can deliver. The merger will certainly help bring new business in areas such as trade finance and treasury.
Paul Williams, Nuveen's manager of corporate planning and research, concedes that "we don't have true empirical evidence to explain the premium." But he offers a host of possible reasons.
A mutual fund, in contrast, can realize capital gains anytime and pass them on to holders without notice, thereby reducing the fund's net asset value and leaving holders with a tax liability.
President Ranasinghe Premadasa has demanded that the India withdraw its troops by the end of July, but Indian says a premature pullout would lead to even more violence.
As a result, I've changed my sexual habits.
Bush said that, if elected, he would seek an early meeting with Gorbachev.
Secretary of State James A. Baker III today tried to rally international support around U.S. efforts to keep Khmer Rouge guerrillas from regaining control in Cambodia.
It is the first time in church history for 117 to be elevated at one time, he said.
If Mr Soskovets' tough line - rather than Mr Yeltsin's quiet granting of soft loans - is to be the new rule in Russian economic policy, then Russia could be poised for one of the most serious political battles it has yet faced.
The Treasury's 30-year benchmark bond ended nearly 1/2 point higher while the issue's yield, which moves in the opposite direction of its price, eased to 8.44%.
Sen. Kennedy stressed a central point both in the committee room and before the full Senate: The Senate is to assess qualifications; it is not to examine political or judicial philosophy.
In another video, Gates showed how a student using a computerized encyclopedia could do a report on the state of Washington, where Microsoft is based.
There is $11.2 million of 6.75% term bonds priced at 96.81 to yield 7.05% in 2011.
The absence of Cheney from this week's witness list - and the lack of any guarantee he would testify at all - had been portrayed as a part of struggle between Nunn, a possible 1992 Democratic challenger for Bush's job, and the White House.
The expanding investigation involves 12 federal grand juries stretching from California to Maryland and some 80 military bases, according to attorneys familiar with the matter.
BellSouth closed at $41.125, down $1, on the New York Stock Exchange.
But others who follow the stock closely say that Carbide is likely to stay cheap for at least a year or two.
Prime Minister Poul Nyrup Rasmussen, Social Democratic party leader, and Lone Dybkjaer, a leading light in the Radical Liberal party, have been living in unmarried bliss for the past two years.
Elephants, they say, never forget, so it is presumed enough Republicans will remember to show up on the right night for the George Bush nominating rites.
Unemployment, officially unknown under the former Communist leadership, stands at 70,000 and is expected to include 200,000 of the 4.5 million work force by next year.
Thousands of angry opposition supporters surrounded government office buildings in several cities Saturday, calling for recounts or demanding results.
In any event there was also some modestly encouraging news around last week.
U.S. equity prices added somewhat to their gains in the afternoon before slipping back near the close of trading.
Without the results from the newest concern, Showboat Inc.'s Showboat Casino, Hotel & Bowling Center, July winnings weren't much higher than last year.
Nevertheless, the use of credit cards continues to grow.
The board rejected Davis' bid and his subsequent tender offer for the same amount, but it invited him to submit a higher bid in a process that quickly attracted financially troubled Pan Am.
Analysts say the problem was that it wasn't low enough in calories.
It said Mahmoud Suliman participated in all four attacks and his brother Ahmed in some of them.
A House subcommittee last year looked into the possibility that the FBI's interviews of TecNica volunteers returning from Nicaragua amounted to an unwarranted investigation of the group.
The insurance company I tried as an alternative did not cover eastern Europe, so I asked my employer, which had some experience in eastern Europe, if it could help.
"The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale, though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price."
Teachers said advertising is a small price to pay for the benefits of getting a quality magazine free.
A wide range of political agreements with the Soviet Union in recent weeks have left critics wondering whether Bonn wasn't forgetting other obligations.
DeLisle, 30, and his wife maintain the car plunge was an accident, caused when a leg cramp forced DeLisle to jam his foot against the gas pedal and sent the car through a barrier rail and into the river.
It should boost the pay of senior and mid-level examiners to stem a 10 percent turnover rate.
The shares closed 9 lower at 37p. Engineering group James Wilkes was once again the subject of bid speculation, with stakeholder Suter named as the likely predator.
However, Chris Robling, a Chicago-based consultant hired by Mr. Palermo to lobby ABA members, said that Mr. Palermo's efforts received financial and other support from anti-abortion lobbying groups.
They said Ms. Smith told their daughter she had the baby and was released from the hospital the same day.
Several previous delays were attributed to construction quality problems.
Soybean futures were mixed, with the July contract higher on reports of heavy trading in Europe of soybean oil and soybean meal.
He came East, he said, in hopes of finding a publisher for his latest project, a compilation of writings on prejudice.
The White House abandoned the bid for a compromise after chief of staff John Sununu met for a second day Monday with leading anti-abortion congressmen.
But some dealers said they thought sentiment would improve after the U.S. Treasury's auction of $7.25 billion of four-year notes, scheduled to take place after the close of the European trading day.
Justice has been on the wrong side of the RICO debate ever since Rudy Giuliani discovered that yelling Racketeer was easier than proving real crime.
Three of the tornado victims, a couple and their infant son, died when their mobile home in Scott was battered by the last of the tornadoes to hit the state, authorities said.
Eilat, which receives at least 500,000 visitors a year, has a small airport which cuts the town in half and cannot receive jumbo jets.
The main models to be shipped will be Accords and Civics.
The bill also directs the Energy Department to prepare for a comprehensive treaty banning nuclear tests, a longtime goal of arms control supporters.
With a 1986 return on average equity of 25%, it contributed one quarter, or $316.1 million, of American Express's 1986 net income of $1.25 billion.
He fell out of rank, got hit by a tank.
But a protest organizer said 99 percent of the demonstrators were local people angered at having to pay higher taxes.
This really forces a proactive management style, and survival of the fittest among the middle and lower size companies that make up the majority of the market. The extra problem in Europe at the moment is of course the high cost of money.
Cross-country, or nordic, skiing was then in its infancy in the U.S., and the Brautigams saw in the Camels Hump foothills a natural setting for the sport.
"We must say we find ourselves frustrated and concerned at this point," Deputy U.S. Trade Representative Linn Williams told reporters after the talks.
Tresor, the new Lancome fragrance, has been lavishly promoted since its launch two years ago and is now one of the world's top five perfumes. The pressure on L'Oreal's research and marketing budgets seems set to intensify in the future.
"Thank you!" they responded.
Nationwide, 96% of the corn crop has been planted compared with an average of 97% for this time of the year, according to the Agriculture Department.
"So it has gotten this bad," sighs Marta Elena Alvarez, a peasant woman balancing a bag of corncobs on her head and a baby on her shoulder, as she watches the crowd inch toward the soldiers.
He lauded the group for its accomplishments and said: "If we do this enough, and if I make the point how strongly I feel about what you do, I think the country will understand very clearly what I mean when I talk about 1,000 points of light," he said.
But an estimated 51,000 bodies have been buried there, meaning 33,000 were improperly buried, according to DiBlasi and a report by another investigator filed in the court case.
In Wyoming, a thunderstorm generated winds gusting to 59 mph. Thunderstorms produced small hail in the Big Horn Mountains in the north central part of the state.
Jewish groups have said the convent and the placement of religious symbols at Auschwitz, including a 23-foot-high cross, is deeply offensive to them.
Windfall oil profits, the result of increased production and higher prices, have given Saudi Arabia a painless way to finance much of the cost of the U.S. military deployment in the Persian Gulf, industry analysts say.
As a result, stocks quickly gave up their early gains and drifted for much of the session before taking their cue from the bond market, which slumped amid concerns that the Federal Reserve may be acting to tighten credit.
Last month's report showing an unexpectedly large $13.83 billion deficit in February triggered a sharp sell-off in both the dollar and Treasury bonds.
Meanwhile, the Secret Service and police said that a man with a stun gun hanging from his belt was taken into custody.
The shares closed yesterday at $22, up 12.5 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
Shamir called the meeting "a slap in the face" and told party members "It was possible to see on television how much they (Said and Abu Lughod) hate Israel," the daily Yediot Ahronot reported Thursday.
Mr Heseltine had been drafted in to answer Mr Smith because Mr Norman Lamont, the chancellor, was giving evidence to the Treasury committee. Mr Smith used his opening speech to review the government's pledges of an early economic upturn.
If untreated, 60 percent of patients develop arthritis-like symptoms.
By that time I had already played 100,000 games." Organizers said the festival was a dress rehearsal for the National Bridge Festival, which is to resume this summer at Mamaia, on the Black Sea.
The company's shares closed Friday at $18.375, off 12.5 cents, in American Stock Exchange composite trading.
About 8,800 firefighters are battling the worst of some 200 blazes in the West and Alaska, 16 of them considered major fires. Nearly a third of the manpower is in Yellowstone National Park, where fires have charred 140,000 acres.
(His two unsuccessful Senate races in Maine also has prepared him for losing).
Food shortages also were caused by Russian purchases of Estonian agricultural products for hard currency.
She will succeed William von Raab, who resigned under pressure in July.
He also asked contemporary artists to do new works about the couple.
Analysts have speculated that his offer was intended to flush out other bidders for Texaco.
Net interest charges increased to Pounds 221,000 (Pounds 184,000). The increase in debt was due mainly to a heavy capital expenditure programme of Pounds 2.6m on new factories and machinery.
They're our main target," bureau director John Savich said Tuesday.
Ceausescu, 71, came to power in 1965.
Her book is full of examples of this, disclosed with astonishing candour.
Some of the oil was washing up on Castle Hill beaches early Saturday, said Gov. Edward D. DiPrete.
We cannot accept any connection between bank disbursements and those of the IMF," Mr. Bresser Pereira said.
Satellite television discussions with American studio audiences also have given Soviets a chance to learn first-hand about life in the United States.
Acutely aware if not jealous of the connections archrival Bechtel Group Inc. has had with top government figures (including former Secretary of State George Shultz), Fluor is now leaning on its outside directors for help.
The lunglike membrane on top of the film has to be custom designed to the respiration rate of each type of produce held in the box, and it requires good refrigeration for optimum performance.
Congress may streamline the multilayered RTC oversight bureaucracy to involve fewer agencies.
The students were then asked to fill in this questionaire, and told that the person they were about to meet would scrutinize it.
As a result, Faye Wattleton, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America, says 65% of the women eligible for the services can't receive them.
The new facility comprises three cast concrete buildings.
The new Boy Scout handbook still tells Scouts to "be prepared" and how to use a compass, build campfires and tie knots.
European Community fisheries council meets in Luxembourg.
HUD's Birmingham office, without a system to double-check on the receipt of funds from HUD closings, thought the $2 million from 63 sales closings went to its central office account, according to agency records.
Mrs. Marcos' lawyers earlier asked Keenan to caution the jury against watching a mini-series, "A Dangerous Life," which dramatized the fall of the Marcos regime.
Some active Treasury bonds jumped more than 1 1/2 points, bringing the gain since Monday to over two points.
Ranges in most of the West needed rain, but livestock was said to be in "mostly good' condition.
However, Mr. Boesky faces civil suits from individuals who claim they have been damaged by his actions.
"I got friends who never use paragraphs," one reasons, "and they make a lot more money than teachers do." One of those hapless teachers is Miles Bannon, a guilt-saturated Everyman.
For Conservatives, proud of their tradition of party unity, the squabbling is an embarrassment.
Sales for ASC were Dollars 334.3m, down 16 per cent on the previous year.
Nicola Foulston, owner and chief executive of Brands Hatch racing circuit, began running her own business at an early age.
The Tribune-Turner network would charge in the same price range as syndicated programming, Mr. Swift said.
Baker's appearance before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee came as lawmakers stepped up demands for a role in any decision to attack Iraqi troops.
Later, the company dropped the plan in favor of a stock buy-back and Mr. Sosnoff began selling his stake.
The Salomon Brothers unit's fourth-quarter pretax profit of $27 million compared with a loss of $90 million in 1990's fourth quarter.
Letters from the transport workers' and flight engineers' unions supporting Mr. Shugrue were delivered to the board before its meeting yesterday.
It will pay 70 lire a share on preferred and 125 lire on each nonconvertible savings share.
The board also would mandate production of so-called zero-emission electric cars starting in 1998.
Southland's profit margins also would drop significantly in a recession, he said.
(In U.S. dollars) British pound ......... 1.8695 1.8705 1.8735 Canadian dollar ....... 0.8085 0.8089 0.8117 (In foreign units to U.S. dollar) French franc ..........
Police searched the area and found no bomb.
However, the effects of the Brazilian loans were offset by gains from the sale of real estate in Osaka, Japan, for $52 million after taxes.
The ISU ceremony marking the fifth anniversary of his capture was delayed from Friday to Monday to wait for students to return to the central Iowa campus from spring break.
"If he's also thinking about his career, that's probably natural.
The Class A pays quarterly dividends at an annual rate of 10 cents a share, but each share has only 1/20th of a vote.
Core drilling has unearthed a scattering of sand-grain sized diamonds, too few and too small for commercial production.
The Los Angeles securities firm disclosed its bid for a "friendly" buy-out after the market closed Friday.
Sales jumped 12.2% to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen.
Dr. Gray is principal author of the study in today's New England Journal of Medicine.
The attack came as the singer and about 30 Israelis demonstrated outside this military base, 8 miles south of Tel Aviv, where some of the conscientious objectors are being held.
The first is that he intends the BBC to be a managed institution, rather than an agglomeration of committees and warring baronies.
Military officials blamed the attack on the separatist Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam militia.
Judge Walker also clarified an earlier ruling that could make it slightly more difficult for Microsoft and HP to undercut Apple's work.
In rejecting Tunnerman's visa request, State Department deputy spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley said Thursday that he had abused his privileges of residence in the United States and therefore is not welcome in this country.
What more could anyone ask?
Secrecy can affect job seekers, too.
Otherwise banks probably would have to immediately reserve for the money they contribute to the $5.2 billion credit.
Earl said today that the government promised not to stop cars of suspected aliens based on appearance alone, "but that was never done anyway.
This ignores the complexity of many savings and pension products and the difficulty of comparing one with another.
Neanderthals (original versions) lived an average of 29 years.
In the Dutch study, Dr. Goudsmit and his team kept track of neurological symptoms in 196 AIDS patients between 1982 and 1988.
The four republics together account for 85% of Soviet gross national product.
He also said Wednesday that if members of the full Senate bring up questions about Tower's personal life the lawmakers may be forced to meet behind closed doors.
The use of other agencies' obligations as collateral is allowable, although no substitution is permitted.
To the rest of Europe, the division of Yugoslavia can hardly make any strategic difference.
Congress's failure to overhaul the Gramm-Rudman budget law before leaving for its August recess makes it unlikely that there will be substantial budget reductions this year.
Claims that more might be found in this way are, I regret to say, much exaggerated. Next, I propose to broaden the tax base.
So how did I get glaucoma?"
There appears to be growing sentiment in Congress to plug this loophole, while giving regulators more time to determine the potential competitive impact of proposed takeovers.
His reception at the parliament was also lukewarm, even though he went out of his way to praise Japan's "indomitable spirit of hard work, inexhaustible talents and traditional discipline."
"We found that the markets are essentially stable and sound, and that they are not `tilted' against the individual investor," said General Motors Corp.
The fishing restrictions, which take effect Friday and will last at least through February, apply to most trout streams east of the Rocky Mountains and a few in western Montana, the commission said Monday.
"Right now, we've got our fingers crossed that this wind isn't going to be that harsh," said fire information officer Dick Guth. That fire is considered about 60 percent contained.
The NYSE's composite index of all its listed common stocks rose 0.24 to 161.25.
Nick Wantiez of the local FAA office said Monday the investigation also would cover airline complaints ranging from wrong parts to incorrectly installed firefighting systems.
You communicate in a thousand different ways what are the values of the company.' Mr Fitzpatrick says he leads by example.
Instead of depressing the dollar to correct the trade deficit, Mr. Hagens favors restraints on domestic demand to slow imports.
Terex said the economic downturn is hurting its operating performance, particularly in heavy equipment.
Deportable Cuban detainees are being held in a strict "lockdown" in a penitentiary in Talladega, Ala., so another disturbance is considered unlikely.
They put out a general alert.
Someday they may replace radioactive tracers now used to study and treat diseases like cancer and AIDS, Harvey said.
The company is in the Guiness Book of Records for the world's most complicated pocket watch without precious metals.
Countries tend to depreciate their currencies against those of the trading partners with which they have sustained worrisome deficits.
In a campaign speech, Lok Dal's leader Devi Lal boasted that Haryana "will be the beginning of the end for Rajiv Gandhi."
An ABC News-Washington Post tracking poll published in Tuesday's editions of the Post gave Simon the lead with 39 percent support to Jackson's 34 percent among very likely Democratic voters.
But Grand Met is confident it can do for Totino's frozen pizza, the Jolly Green Giant and Haagen Dazs what it has already done for Absolut vodka, Baileys Original Irish Cream and an ailing chain of British steakhouses called Berni Inn.
Local radio quoted some protesters as saying they would rather die in Hong Kong than be forced back home.
They said rebels of the Maoist-inspired Shining Path guerrilla movement carried out the raid.
It does not include $27 billion that the IRS believes will never be collected because of death, bankruptcy and inability to locate the debtor.
Yuan's death was one of five reported by the government in the protest.
When baking or cooking, have your child help by reading directions on packages and measuring incredients into bowls.
Americans and Soviets contribute to the space junk, too.
This seasonal lull reduces the need for crude, and with traders feeling more optimistic about the Middle East situation, allows supply-and-demand forces to have an impact on trading.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Duquesne Light shares closed at $12.75, unchanged.
After several months of struggle, banks were forced to suspend cash payments nationwide, leading to illiquidity, a stock market crash, and a dramatic fall in economic activity.
Smog-causing pollutants, or ozone, are reduced through controls on automobiles and industry, with annual pollution improvements of 4 percent a year required over first six years.
The thousands of workers who braved icy wind to report for 6 a.m. shift appeared willing to follow the advice.
They were pulverized for medicine and dye in the Middle Ages.
She said she saw crack cocaine made and sold, saw organization members get paid up to $800 a week and saw people beaten who crossed the Chambers brothers. "I got pulled into it.
Radio System Bounces Data off Meteor Trails BROADCOM, a tiny New Jersey company, is commercializing stardust.
About $1.1 million will be used to reimburse the state attorney general for legal costs, and the remainder will be used to establish a nonprofit corporation to train state employees on insurance regulation and oversight.
"Don't run your life by what's legal or illegal.
In addition, Cadillac is guaranteeing the resale value for leased 1987 model Allantes, some dealers said.
One person was in the intensive care unit Thursday evening.
I could become one of those little white headstones in Arlington National Cemetery any day!" Several sailors said Hartwig told them he had "feelings of suicide" and "had attempted suicide."
Analysts attribute the slow sales to fewer jobs and less income and anxiety over the Persian Gulf crisis.
Instead, local hunters opt for the area's fantastic quail or pheasant hunting, which share most of the prairie chicken's three-month season (November through January).
Finally, Macmillan's instruction segment, which includes Berlitz language courses and Katherine Gibbs secretarial schools, also has been expanding.
The gun belonged to the Durango Police Department on loan from the FBI, according to court documents.
Meetings of EU environment ministers in Dresden, and culture ministers in Wuerzburg, Germany.
Its Del Monte canned foods and fresh fruit businesses and some of its foreign holdings were among those sold.
WAL-MART Stores, the largest US retailer in terms of sales, yesterday unveiled a 21.5 per cent increase in second-quarter profits after tax, to Dollars 420.4m.
Five heavily armed men were arrested in a surprise raid last week at a downtown Bogota apartment.
Back in the chase car, we drove around some more, got stuck in a ditch, enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch.
But there comes a time when a new town ceases to be a new town and achieves a critical mass. 'You need government money to prime the pump at first, put the roads in and so on.
It saw Canary Wharf as 'a business opportunity to be captured'.
Mr. Armstrong, whose airline has let him take time off to press his crusade, has met the same sort of reluctance all over this fertile, scenic valley.
Proscar must be taken continually to arrest prostate growth, suggesting the drug could be used by men for years.
"Now we don`t have such conditions," a Defense Ministry spokesman said at a news briefing.
"It's great," she said, tearing into her dinner. "There ain't no such thing as the Easter Bunny, and I ain't no kid.
Retirement has no beneficial effects on the quality of marriages among older people, said Gary Lee, a University of Florida gerontologist and sociology professor.
The leaders spoke at a ceremonial meeting of Parliament commemorating the 34th anniverary of Hungary's 1956 revolution, the bloodiest in the Soviet bloc.
They set out in May hoping to reach the Arkansas town of El Dorado, where Tong had settled and raised a family after fleeing Saigon in 1975.
VIENNA - Orgnization of Petroleum Exporting Countries scheduled to hold conference.
A Justice Department prosecutor on the case couldn't be reached.
Lundberg noted that active euthanasia already is performed in the Netherlands and a public referendum on the practice may be on the California ballot this year.
In that small market, Point Beer is going head-to-head with national brands in its television campaign, said Kenneth Shibilski, Stevens Point Brewery president.
The Bush budget revisions would include the $1.9 billion cost to taxpayers next year of his program to bail out the ailing savings and loan industry.
Another feature film of last year was "Hamburger Hill," which resembles "Pork Chop Hill" (1959), a grueling battle piece about Korea.
Merchant Henry FitzAilwyn, the first lord mayor, was also the longest serving, with 20 years in office.
Tommy Munoz of Chicago was captured just after 5:30 p.m. Sunday by prison authorities who had staked out his cousin's house on the city's Southwest Side, about 40 miles east of the prison, Howell said.
As that happens, though, we expect that history will see the entire episode as a turning point in the development of our publications, of Singapore and of the freedom of information in an internationally wired and increasingly interdependent world.
It would be the first time the unions and associations have shared power since a member of a doctors' group headed a transitional cabinet for a year after the 1985 overthrow of long-time dictator Gaafar Nimeiri.
Much gente cree que solo personas de ciertos "grupos de alto riesqo" es infectada por el virus del SIDA.
Mr. Byrne says Fireman's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims, but, after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines, the company's fourthquarter charge against earnings shouldn't top $50 million.
But sooner or later the life-support supplied by Massachusetts Congressmen will fail.
Foreign Minister Moshe Arens today criticized the United States for coordinating with Arab states in drafting a U.N. resolution opposing settlement of Soviet Jews in occupied areas.
In 1984, with President Reagan heading the GOP ticket, Helms turned back a strong challenge by former Gov. Jim Hunt by 52 percent to 48 percent.
Noverco now holds 6,127,500 Sceptre shares.
Tisch said the sales have allowed CBS to focus on its basic business.
They require mandatory inspection of exhaust emissions and assembly-line testing and prohibit the sale of replacement parts that do not meet emission standards.
Meanwhile, Pennzoil began attacking Texaco's Chapter 11 protection.
The trial was before U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler, who also is handling the drug trial of deposed Panamanian ruler Manuel Antonio Noriega.
"The Abyss" could well be this summer's most ambitious, most problematic and, finally, most fascinating movie.
He said the defendants, all former makers of asbestos, which causes respiratory ailments, had been notified of the amounts he expects each to pay.
"They said the idea (of an independent, French-speaking Quebec) was dead; it is alive," a jubilant Jacques Parizeau said Monday night.
But despite the cease-fire, there have been daily firefights between Aoun's troops and Geagea's militiamen.
Mr. Ancier, Ms. Pratt, Sassy and Ms. Steinberg each own part of the show.
It declared the Lithuanian move illegal and the Soviet Constitution still in force.
"I see no reason why we shouldn't be able to collect everything," said Pennzoil's Mr. Kerr.
MIM was not relying on a recovery in prices to solve its problems -'we must do that ourselves by cutting costs and improving productivity'. Mr Fussell said there were very clear signs that metals demand was improving in the US.
Pentagon officials have argued that using their bases to help oust Gen.
But with privatization bogged down, there are no significant sales.
The company said a successor won't be named until after the annual meeting.
But political considerations may call the tune.
Ironically as the country struggles with the effect of growing capital inflows, the deal which reduces Poland's overall indebtedness to Dollars 38bn should lead to foreign investment worth an additional Dollars 1bn a year.
Mr. Boesky's activities in the futures market came to light at a Senate Agriculture Committee hearing yesterday, where Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chairwoman Susan Phillips was questioned about the trades.
Lower interest rates, like Japan's, tend to make a nation's currency less attractive to investors.
In April, the average price of regular unleaded gasoline was 93.3 cents a gallon, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
It is closely autobiographical: educated son of a miner, but whose mother is much more middle class.
The additional sites bring to 1,194 the waste dumps scheduled to be decontaminated under the Superfund program, which is aimed at dealing with the nation's most hazardous waste problems.
They fear the project would threaten navigation of the estuary. A feasibility study is being carried out on the project.
"I'm really fortunate that all the songs we do are my own compositions.
There are just too many economic problems for me." East Berlin's main avenue, the broad Unter den Linden, was a surging tide of shoulder-to-shoulder celebrants who flowed from one side of downtown to the other.
A fixed rate of 7.5 per cent is available until April 30 1995 on all mortgage types. Leeds Permanent has issued a three-year mortgage fixed at 7.45 per cent, but it is restricted to loans on not more than 70 per cent of the value of the home.
The newspaper Grassroots said it had confirmed 15 of the bodies were in a mortuary.
Much of the testimony at the hearing has focused on technical studies of how cracks form in 737s.
Israel rejected the PLO declarations as a ploy and continued its refusal to negotiate with the organization.
The tax act requires the reports to help the IRS collect contractors' delinquent taxes and spot hidden income; now, IRS Notice 871 says the first reports must be filed early in 1988 for 1987 payments.
The owner was insistent on a square-edge, straight-sided Belfast sink. The kitchen had several low windows which meant it was impractical to put in rows of cabinets.
The victories came mainly in the border regions of eastern Afghanistan where Kabul's security forces were left behind.
Dorothea Thomas-Vitrac, a New Braintree selectman, said the town did oppose some of the condominium and recreational development proposals put forth by Striar and Jacobson.
Partisan rhetoric might have to give way to solid action on the budget in order to clear the way for Congress to raise the nation's borrowing limit.
He was the Democratic front-runner until Chiles' surprise entry in April.
A total of 34 Ferraris were auctioned, which was attended by about 3,000 car lovers.
Banks are out there wanting to do business.' There are a number of reasons for the narrowing of margins.
The peasants, who had been raising cattle, took out a loan to cover the food, equipment and larvae to raise freshwater prawns.
It lacked energy, inner direction, strength of conviction; it gave the impression of rather tired imitation, of Vienna Phil re-production.
His comments and those of 10 other reserve officers appear in "Commanders' Reflections," a 34-page booklet published by the Kibbutz Artzi movement that unites 85 of Israel's 160-odd kibbutzim, or communal farms.
These include the delay that will now take place in the publication of departmental spending plans and the fact that taxation decisions will be taken well before the start of the new financial year.
Investors who had second thoughts after they bought gold as a hedge against inflation have pushed the price of the precious metal lower.
Autopsies were being performed on the four victims, and the fifth man was in stable condition late Tuesday at Ben Taub, he said.
"Bill had been tracking the same statistics independently since 1986 and was the only one of the 350 people to whom I sent the report who paid attention to it or agreed with it," Mr. Zuccarelli says.
"This change is designed to improve the efficiency of conducting our business in today's highly competitive business environment," said S.M. Cassiani, vice president of exploration for Exxon USA, the domestic subsidiary of Exxon Corp.
Assistant Public Defender Connie McGhee says her clients' wardrobes have troubled her for years.
When will we see her portrait bust hoisted over the orchestra pit where that lethal-looking abstract sculpture remains such a threatening sight; for the moment she is making do with two gigantic plaques hammered into the auditorium's walls.
Last week, when Lady Thatcher came out with her clarion call for the latter measure, British ministers dismissed it as 'emotional nonsense'.
Traders continued to speculate that a Japanese media report Tuesday citing "several" Bank of Japan sources saying the central bank will loosen credit soon was a deliberate leak to the media.
Revenues were $1.22 million, up from $1.13 million in the year-earlier quarter.
With more than 1,000 customers, Williams makes sure the package and panty are "color-coded to the season."
Would my word free the slaves when I cannot even enforce the Constitution in the rebel States?" The turning point in the Civil War came that summer, outside Gettysburg, Pa. For three days one of the war's bloodiest battles was fought.
"Productivity was terrible," and "boy, did they sock it to us" on wages.
However, the program allows a Medicaid recipient to retain his home _ usually a person's primary asset _ as long as a family member is living there or the recipient expects to return to the home.
"This conduct cannot be rewarded by the board," he said.
Though Ruder is a Reagan appointee, the administration is loath to nominate anyone who backs his view, and Senate Democrats won't approve anyone who doesn't.
The company also made a $20 million pretax provision to cover operating losses related to cost overruns on a unit's ship-repair contracts.
"But now, I get this message saying `Stop working for the Jews, stop working for the oppressors,' and I have to make up my mind," he told the Post. "Most of the others have gone.
"The overnight setback on Wall Street and the weaker dollar, coupled with profit taking, brought share prices sharply lower during early trading," said Taketomi Kikuchi of Sanyo Securites.
Texas law allows Bentsen to seek re-election while he runs for vice president.
He also made some half-hearted attempts to dilute Communist Party domination, but he remained strongly opposed to any real measures that would have limited Communist power.
While puzzling over her response, the narrator recounts how his mother would dismiss and rehire her several times in succession.
Like his father, he shipped out to face possible combat while still a teen-ager.
A group of 20 U.S. missile experts on Wednesday ended their inspections of installations in East Germany, the official East German news agency ADN said.
Moreover, the bank is struggling to come up with a plan to deal with at least two dozen Texas S&Ls that are still open but insolvent.
"Last night, we were going through a fair amount of anxiety about how we were going to pay our next round of bills," he says.
By late afternoon, the yield on the benchmark 30-year government security was up to 7.70 per cent, a fresh high on the year. But the reaction among equity investors was more measured even during the bleak early hours.
BTR said it urged him to "carefully consider" BTR's proposal, stressing "the importance of Mr. Archambault's participation in any combined enterprise."
Congressional action is expected sometime this summer.
With those advantages and the opportunities for running the acquired businesses without overheads rising proportionally, Mr Mills-Baker said he was pleased to have outbid the other interested companies, both UK and non-UK.
'Eventually,' he says, 'membership of Europe will be a question of purely economic rather than geographical criteria.
"They have gone through the Niagara River and into Lake Ontario," Ms. Claudi said. "Now they are swimming their way toward Toronto." Scientists are not sure what the ecological impact will be, but are fearful of it.
At the most dramatic moments, the screen showed Ceausescu and his wife, Elena, bundled out of an armored personnel carrier and put on trial.
"There were so many doors open for these people I know, and there were no doors open for me," Keen said.
Ford's net income in the U.S. fell $119 million, or 11%, from a year earlier, to $1.04 billion.
"Hardee's has found a way to expand its presence without diluting its penetration," said Daniel R. Lee, an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York, who called the deal a brilliant move.
Eyes glaze over when monetarists talk about base money, velocity or purchasing power parity.
Hormel said Charles B. Olson, president of Jennie-O, will also be named chief executive officer of the new subsidiary.
Meanwhile, the pound came under pressure from heavy corporate selling in London, traders said, prompting Britain's central bank to buy the currency.
He hasn't made any filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission involving Tiffany, which would be required if he owned 5 percent or more of the company's stock.
The seventh measure, a proposal to allow North Dakota legislators to join the state Public Employees Retirement System, lost by 88 percent, the unofficial totals showed.
Aage Danielsen, a Norwegian rescue vessel captain, said the missing passengers were believed still on the ferry.
He became concerned after hearing news reports 10 days earlier that an identical cannonball that was given to the St. Clements Island Museum had been found to be live, said fire marshal's spokesman Bob Thomas.
Lotus hasn't met much success selling software for the Macintosh.
The worst previous accident for the airlines was in 1976, when a Caravelle aircraft exploded at Bombay airport while landing. Ninety-five people were killed in the crash, blamed on leaking fuel pipes.
That is up from $11.7 billion in 1989, but it includes social security payments and airport funds.
Lewis Grotke, NSF assistant general counsel, said the agency would consider the petition but is under no legal obligation to act. The agency, he said, has tried to develop a fair system to review grant applications.
Fifty-two Americans were held hostage there for 444 days.
Federated's Mr. Hansen worries that the costs of heavy promotions will be passed along to consumers.
"Technical weakness has been persistent over the spring and summer in the volume and advance-decline statistics," Ms. Callies said.
But David Batchelder, a Mesa spokesman, said that an equity offering last year and the liquidation of Mesa Petroleum Co. this year allowed the partnership to pay off debt, saving substantial interest costs.
The noncallable notes were priced at a spread of four basis points above the Treasury's when-issued two-year note.
The current 'high concept' is Bank of England independence. Only with an independent Bank, enthusiasts argue, can monetary policy be freed from the interfering and inflationary hands of politicians.
My father gave me a cello and said 'Play.'
Perhaps one will hit pay dirt. But as of now, I must say, I'm not optimistic, because the man keeps reiterating terms that are simply _ fly in the face of the United Nations action.
It stockpiles or resells the staple at subsidized prices that are several times higher than world market prices. Limited amounts of rice are imported for production of other foods and alcoholic beverages.
In addition to the ban on payments to the Panamanian government, the administration also has effectively frozen all Panamanian assets in the United States.
Citizens Savings Bank, based in Ithaca, New York, began trading under the symbol CISA.
The overriding cause is the shortage of labor.
For once, U.S. bankers needn't fret.
Country-western's Michael Martin Murphy wrote a song in his honor.
The city has been without electricity and transport since the fighting began.
"They want to be in touch with Jewish organizations in Israel," Tekoah said.
Some companies know they shouldn't retire stock, the money manager adds.
Indeed, the 1985 farm act was designed, in theory at least, to gradually put the farm economy back on a market basis.
"Who'd buy another perfect, well-adjusted, upper middle-class black family?
"It may have raised some questions out in the country, but people liked it up here," says an aide to Oklahoma Rep. McCurdy.
Ford spokesman Rex Greenslade in Detroit said Tuesday that his company had no comment on anything to do with Jaguar.
More than 100 world leaders passed along greetings of peace Monday in the 16th annual World Hello Day organized by two Nebraska brothers.
A spokeswoman for DeBartolo Corp. said Wednesday that the company wouldn't comment on the transactions until Campeau and DeBartolo could issue a joint announcement, probably today.
Controls would be imposed on exports of those items to countries where the U.S. and other suppliers suspect missile projects are in progress.
Bargain hunters helped engineering and aerospace company TI resist the poor market trend.
Its main concern is Thurmond Stottle, a one-time high school football hero in the tiny town of Stanley, Texas.
Roberts shares closed yesterday at $34.50, down 25 cents, in national over-the-counter trading.
Once in Baghdad the Iraqis split up families and couples at a city hotel: "It was tragic watching the husbands standing there on the steps with the children crying and the wives getting ready to leave," she said.
Tanning had already been signed by the dealer Julien Levy, patron of the Surrealist exiles in New York, who recommended that Ernst see her.
Sharon made the pledge as he established a new settlement, Kanaf, in the region, which the Israelis annexed in 1981.
Yet this is the essence of the proposal unveiled by Mexico on Dec. 29 to its U.S. creditor banks, and it is hailed by some in the financial community as "innovative" and "constructive."
Sales for the quarter ended April 30 were $181.3 million, up 25% from $144.8 million in the like year-earlier period.
When he suggested last month that he, George Harrison and Ringo Starr may come together for a reunion, Harrison responded there wouldn't be one "as long as John Lennon remains dead." McCartney said Thursday he understood.
Nor should spectators expect things to be easy.
In recent years, they used it as a guinea pig to test various things.
Variety writers and editors also coined the slang words "pushover," "payoff," "freeloader," "chick," "disk jockey" and "whodunit."
Oil prices fell Tuesday, weakened by trader expectations of more crude and gasoline supplies reaching the market.
That's not going to be easy; management in many cases hasn't got the foggiest idea.' A further aspect of the differences between Chinese and western operations is the way they evaluate their corporations financially.
The mother, daughter and karate teacher had the book published themselves.
The home, originally called the Home for Needy Confederate Women, was established by the 1898 General Assembly to provide care for needy female relatives of Confederate soldiers.
Dravo said it expects to complete the transaction later in the quarter.
Hundreds of local individual speculators had been betting that stock prices would continue to rally.
Squibb, of Princeton, N.J., said net income rose 20 percent on a 21 percent increase in sales.
The premise is that eventually they will become disgusted and quit.
The ruling was written by Anthony Kennedy, who has since become a U.S. Supreme Court justice.
No damage was immediately reported.
Marsh & McLennan gained 1 1/8 to 73 3/8 after boosting its quarterly dividend by 4% to 65 cents a share.
Units One and Two at Twin Oak were originally slated for completion in 1988 and 1990, respectively.
And a few lawmakers say they oppose the bills despite personal experience with the needs of those with disabilities.
However, Mr. Bush last week seemed to suggest that the provision lacked teeth.
Less-invasive, or endoscopic, surgery involves using tiny instruments and optical devices that eliminate the need for major incisions.
He had the packed sanctuary of his longtime pastorate, the historic Marble Collegiate Church, rolling with intermittant gales of laughter, applause and concentrated listening.
The guerrilla communiques said that a "fight to the death" had begun with the guerrilla movement and that the May 9 Popular Liberation Forces had emerged from the division in the movement.
Bank of New England provides a referral service where workers can find help.
His investment grew sevenfold to $35,000 in about three years.
That sends First Chicago back to the investment banking drawing board, but with less urgency than before the stock market plunge of two weeks ago.
And despite Mr. Bovard's criticism, we do include an allowance for "profit" in our cost analysis.
The company posted net interest income of $3.9 million for the quarter, up 6%, and $12 million for the nine months, up 14%.
With less stock to go around, a given amount of demand naturally tended to push stock prices higher.
The scheme, under which employees contribute 6 per cent of their salaries, pays benefits based on a percentage of final salary and guarantees annual increases in line with inflation.
Visual Graphics Class A jumped 2 to 11, and Class B surged 2 to 11 1/8.
First Boston Corp., for example, put up nearly $1 billion to help Campeau Corp. complete its purchase of Allied Stores Corp.
The question is still what constitutes neutrality. The Fed's concern is with the real federal funds rate after allowing for inflation.
Eventually the Federal Reserve and other central banks will decide the dollar's rise has gone far enough and take steps to knock it back down.
They often said the guerrillas were operating across the border and underground, and couldn't be kept track of.
The seven sheikdoms that stretch from Qatar to Oman along the Persian Gulf previously had been ruled together under an agreement with the B`itish.
Business investment spending rose 1.6%.
The December contract settled at 94.70 cents a pound, down 0.80.
The deal provides for a daily crude oil supply of 135,000 barrels.
Anyone who watches tonight's programme after seeing the recent pair in BBC2's Assignment on malaria and Aids in the far east will surely conclude that we need another Jonathan Swift to illustrate this problem.
May acquired Loehmann's as part of its 1986 merger with Associated Dry Goods Corp.
That gain probably translated into about 5% to 7% in dollar terms, well below recent quarters' gains of above 20%, reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds.
School police officers sit in daily on the briefings of Compton's regular police to learn about gang-related incidents outside the schools.
Lewis acknowledged that many of the lumps and bumps in his life may have been of his own doing, but he stopped short of offering any apology.
Strong thunderstorms passing through central Indiana caused street flooding in Crawfordsville.
More important, "the big risk is what happens after the guarantee period," if the holder decides to continue the coverage, says Glenn S. Daily, a New York insurance consultant.
He said Abrams was unable to make any such commitment and that a final decision on withdrawing the indictments would have to be left either to the Justice Department or President Reagan.
The job losses will be achieved by a mix of early retirement, non-renewal of contracts and redundancies.
Dole, who unsuccessfully challenged Bush for his party's presidential nomination last year, has supported tax increases for specified purposes before.
Interest rates, both short- and long-term, should rise a full percentage point by mid-1989 and then start to decline.
Fisons "couldn't grow fast enough by small acquisitions."
Nine bodies have been recovered.
The Russian parliament will elect the president from among its members.
In the 12 months ended in June, 60,000 new hotel jobs had been created, Hekman said.
A former engineer's $3 billion lawsuit against rocket-maker Morton Thiokol, stemming from his warnings against launching the ill-fated Challenger space shuttle, has been dismissed.
"The appliance world is changing and it's important that we look outside the U.S. for growth."
Mrs. Davi says she was perturbed this year that no one paid her any money to vote.
"It'll take me an hour to pull them out of there and an hour to tow them.
Burmese rebels based in Thailand appealed to the international community for arms and medical assistance in their battle against the Burmese army.
Last month, more than 200 members of European parliaments wrote a joint letter to members of Congress, opposing aid to the contras fighting what the Europeans called, "the democratically elected government of Nicaragua."
And with some of the campaigns in severe financial difficulty and on the brink of elimination, the candidates are wooing superdelegates who have made commitments to their rivals.
In an interview with Cable Network News, Arafat blamed Iran for the hijacking.
This is a lesson Saddam has absorbed only partially, if it all.
Though his duties at the company have been assumed by Mr. Busch, Mr. Long's departure, along with those of the other executives, comes at a bad time for Anheuser-Busch, which has been trying to develop a diversification strategy.
The difficulties do not end there.
It's sweeping the world.
Gross domestic product is the total market value of the country's output of goods and services.
He talks too about being married for 42 years, and his five children, all of whom, he says, "came home every night" while they were growing up.
The Postal Service hopes remote encoding will help the service fully automate mail processing by 1995.
Banca Commerciale, Italy's second-largest bank, is offering $80 a share for 51 percent of Irving, or about $760 million.
He snatches three or four hours of sleep in his hotel room and conducts an interview while eating a sandwich.
He is supposed to pay $476, and the rest will be waived.
However, the current Ukrainian parliament, dominated by former communists, has been opposed both to economic reform and to relinquishing the country's nuclear arsenal - a condition of much western economic support.
Under Sanborn, Conrail had been expected to try to expand into such areas as hauling waste and already is carrying compacted refuse from northern New Jersey and the New York City area to eastern Ohio.
Ford Motor Co.'s total output dipped 4% to 287,537 vehicles.
The president is not a king," he said.
It is designed to test the effects of zero gravity on bone healing in space.
By the time all had moved (in the first half of 1991) the price differentials had been somewhat eased by the savage fall in housing values in the south-east. Other problems arise where the company is moving from a low cost to a high-cost housing area.
The Federal Reserve's policy committee meets today and tomorrow in Washington to review its strategy.
The main resource is the talent and industry of the Palestinians.
Typically, patients buy TENS units for as much as $600, or rent them for $60 to $90 a month, and use them at home.
They have homes in Stanford, Calif., and Cummington, Mass., and have five children and five grandchildren.
It has run into opposition from Mr Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, who wants to preserve separate powers for the Fed. The US debate is unfolding as the future of banking supervision is being called into question.
At least 8,000 Estonians attended an outdoor rally and filled the Tallinn town hall for a panel discussion about Josef Stalin's repression of the Baltic states.
Most AIDS sufferers are poor, have no insurance and can't even afford to go to doctors, much less pay for medicine.
But it does so by turning the president's budget choices upside down.
Charges against Nussbaum, who made the cover of Newsweek as the case got national attention, were dropped after prosecutors concluded that she had been so severely beaten by Steinberg that she was unable to aid the child.
Says Arno Penzias, the Nobellaureate vice president for research at AT&T's Bell Laboratories: "When you have a parent in a nursing home, you can't see her every day.
The market for corporate control does help maximize share price.
Siraj then retracted his remark.
Connaghan's case hit close to home for Scranton, 46, a music teacher whose Denver home was damaged by a fire set by burglars.
The bank also has agreed that $330 million of that amount will be available as a bridge loan, the statement said.
There's an awful lot of ifs to this thing."
Other analysts say the company's aggressive reputation makes many foreign fund managers nervous.
Contract talks have been stalled for more than a year.
Highlighting the problems was a Labor Day rampage in which one person was killed and eight wounded.
In the days before the takeover of the New York company, Metropolitan was said to be considering taking over the company.
Dosoo said Chinese hit him with umbrellas and he kicked one in self-defense.
One former staff member for the congressional Iran-Contra investigating committees said the committee staff decided not to pursue the Pena matter because it appeared to be an isolated incident, rather than an integral part of the North network.
IBM's competitors have sold millions of AT-compatible machines since then, and IBM itself re-entered that part of the market on Tuesday by announcing a similar machine.
But some other committee Democrats aren't willing to go that low.
The particles can come from such sources as forest fires and volcanic eruptions.
A long-awaited formal pact with Baghdad, giving Kurds autonomy, still hasn't been signed.
The economic benefits for the area near Waxahachie will include not only the lucrative construction funds but also an expected research budget of about $270 million annually and 3,500 permanent jobs.
The request must list the kinds of tax and the tax periods for which the holder wants information.
And this new effort will focus on the job of helping recover oil now in the water and restoring beaches and other damaged areas. This effort should not in any way relieve Exxon from any of its responsibilities or its liabilities.
In the latest second quarter, the company said Sprint had a pretax loss of $112 million.
He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian award in 1986, the Legion of Honor from France and Italy's Order of Merit.
An abortion performed after the fetus is viable is unlawful except in cases in which a woman's life is threatened.
While it objects to this, the federal government has no mechanism of its own for regulating securities dealings.
The failure to include Japan this time didn't attract many complaints from Congress, so maybe this punitive law is losing some of its support.
With the start of the fall television season today, Capital Cities/ABC agreed Friday to a new three-year contract with Nielsen despite earlier concerns that people meters might not be as accurate as proposed.
"It's a horse race every year," said Forbes spokesman Ray Healey, describing his magazine's rush to beat its rival. "Information of this kind is old in a matter of minutes.
Last year, for example, Pete had ripe tomatoes two weeks earlier than I did, and more plentiful.
The church has been banned since 1946.
Murrow's high, furrowed brow and ever-present cigarette _ he smoked three or four packs a day _ were trademarks of his weekly prime time news show "See It Now," which began in 1951.
No specific reasons are given, nor do the letters claim that the disputed items are incorrect.
What he said was that the U.S. government had been allied with Hitler right up to the bombing of Pearl Harbor.
Yet Walt's status remains ambiguous.
The U.S. dollar fell in early European trading today, losing more than 1 cent against the British pound.
"The application so far as the city of Yonkers is concerned has been denied," she added.
Forecasters expect total turnover to double to Dollars 20bn by the end of the decade. The centres offer advantages to both manufacturers and consumers.
The planned $1.9 billion military budget for 1989 represents 3.6 percent of the total national income, compared to 3.8 percent of national income spent on defense in 1988, Siwicki was quoted as saying.
His share of her estate was estimated at $25 million.
Newark tied a 1944 record of 98 Sunday, the 40th day of 90-degree temperatures this summer.
In terms of the magnitude of problem, I do feel that we have an obligation to be sure the congressmen understand it.
It claims it offers superior visual images to the Sony format.
Those passions are further stirred by the likelihood that the next president could determine the fate of abortion rights by reshaping the Supreme Court.
Since then, nearly a dozen banks and thrifts have pored over the unit's records and considered bids but many were believed to have dropped out of the running earlier this month because of Gibraltar's deteriorating condition.
The move surprised analysts and money managers familiar with the bank.
"Noriega is not plea bargaining with Reagan and Bush.
More than 60,000 Moslems live in the northern England community, where demonstrators have burned copies of Rushdie's book.
First Boston is a unit of CS First Boston Inc., which is 44.5%-owned by the parent of Credit Suisse.
Taiwan clone makers say IBM as much as invited them along for the ride.
The governor's record in the South's most stubbornly one-party state is an ideological mask.
The traditionalist movement of Archbishop Marcel Lefebvre on Monday challenged the Vatican's warning that Lefebvre will be automatically excommunicated if he consecrates four bishops without papal approval.
Asbach is the largest spirits brand in the German market.
Kuehler's duties at IBM's Armonk, N.Y., headquarters will be about the same as they were in his former job of vice chairman, although he will have slightly more authority, Judice said.
For the first encore, the orchestra teased and pampered the final ballet of Schubert's music for Rosamunde as if it were their favourite child.
The Marines are sending in 45,000 of their finest and deploying A6-E Intruder bombers used in the U.S. bombing of Libya in 1986.
Their recommendations are due in early December.
TOPSOIL MOISTURE: 35 percent very short, 45 percent short, 20 percent adequate.
Eisner asked. "In a word, panic." In an interview published in Friday's Contra Costa Times, Eisner, 48, said he rarely rests easy.
But in their second lawsuit, lawyers for Col. North said this alternative plan is illegal because it violates the independent-counsel law, which requires that such investigations be conducted outside the Justice Department.
A lovely pastoral scene later on populated by figures of Shiva, an elephant, and an Indian woman playing with an electric yo-yo, is broken up by fascist bikers.
Halons are used in firefighting equipment. Officials will be recommending a timetable for the phase-out of CFC substitutes, such as hydrochlorofluorocarbons, if possible in time for the November ministerial meeting.
"They are more psychologically capable" than older eastern Europeans in seeking out Mensa, Vincent said.
Both leaders voiced strong support for the U.S.-led effort to isolate Saddam Hussein.
If you are lucky, and you or your driver are savvy enough, the 'Aids test' can be circumvented by a small 'gift' at the border.
The protesters say they have a constitutional right to bail when charged with a misdemeanor.
Akbulut, a lawyer, was elected to Parliament in 1983 and became speaker in 1987.
Replacing them are today's multiple-dealership, well-heeled businessmen with one eye on the auto industry and the other on real estate.
The racing boat's crisp white sails caught the breeze, and it shot through the water, leaving behind the scores of small boats bobbing in the bay.
Noriega exercised power with ruthless assurance.
A private study said consumer confidence rebounded in April, suggesting spending will be strong in coming months.
In 1969, peace demonstrators staged activities across the country, including a candlelight march around the White House, as part of a moratorium against the Vietnam War.
How can we, with our bare hands?" one cadet replied.
There won't be any extraordinary items in the quarter, he added.
During the first half of the 1980s, money tended to slosh around primarily in the already-developed world.
Lotus began selling Notes licences for batches of 200 users upwards.
Sinn Fein, the outlawed Irish Republican Army's legal wing, accused Protestant extremists of carrying out a random sectarian attack.
The animation deals with his treatment and things that would be hard to take in real life.
But nor have there been significant profits."
Angola has abundant reserves of oil, iron ore and diamonds _ many of them untapped _ and a rich soil that could turn it into a breadbasket of Africa.
The Dash 10 is an older model with a wing design considered more susceptiable to loss of lift from ice buildup.
Any criminal proceedings now under way against those who recently refused military service will be dropped if they agree to perform civilian or unarmed military service, he added.
He was given a seven-year sentence.
MANY of the continent's bourses took a breather yesterday from the bull run, writes Our Markets Staff. FRANKFURT took a pause from its record breaking ways with most analysts commenting that the current rally still has a long way to go.
The deal was priced at a yield spread of 85 basis points above the average rate on the Treasury four-year and five-year notes.
The firm has sought to remain independent by divesting underperforming businesses and closing plants, cutting costs and laying off hundreds of workers.
Keillor left the show in June 1987.
Record stock market volume last year produced surging income for stockbrokers, with the average income for retail brokers reaching a record.
It said that the government has been helping the tribe build new villages.
Earlier in his career, he was Capitol Hill and White House reporter for Scripps-Howard News Service and a foreign correspondent for the New York Herald Tribune.
The journalist who spoke with the Iraqi leader in Baghdad on Saturday said Saddam told him "Tel Aviv would receive the first blow in the case of a gulf war," whether or not Israel joined any multinational strike against Iraq.
Svend Jakobsen, the neutral mediator charged with sounding out eight parties on a national program, said he could not bring enough parties together to form a stable government and was giving up his task.
"I hope the Wyoming bear will be good company for your plaid bear," Sullivan wrote.
North testified at his trial that he watched Poindexter tear up the finding _ which relates to four of the five criminal charges against the ex-national security adviser.
In his toughest remarks yet on the issue, the East German leader said he would not back down from his demand that most East German marks be converted equally to West German marks as the nations are unified.
"It was an age of innocence.
But it doesn't bother me because I know I'm doing what's right," Bush told his interviewers.
A Navy admiral has rejected the appeals of four rescue instructors charged in the death of an airman who was dragged into a swimming pool while classmates sang to drown out his screams for help.
The food cutoff could impose even greater suffering on Iraq.
She'd been a star since her show-stopping number, "My Heart Belongs to Daddy" in "Leave It to Me" in 1938.
The Enaf-Vinto metallurgical smelter complex just east of Oruro, is close to Bolivia's principal tin mines, Huanuni and Colquiri, owned by the state mining company Comibol.
Mr. Zatz, who couldn't be reached for comment, was one of three traders in Swiss francs who were tried last summer on fraud charges.
Of the total, $119.7 million has been contributed by political action committees, which are formed by corporations, labor unions, issue-oriented groups and other organizations to donate money to candidates.
Yang Shangkun, 81, became China's president, or head of state, in April last year.
The company said it and some of its employees bought a large block of Jefferies shares from Primerica Inc.
It has been pumping huge sums into CDI development, particularly in software. Mr Gaston Bastiaens, director of interactive media systems, said the group expected the price of CDI to fall substantially over the next few years.
CBS reported a 73% drop in first-quarter profit and said it will reduce its work force this year by 6%, or about 400 jobs.
Cutting base rates will do nothing to divert the current bullish sentiment from sterling."
Some republics, the Baltic states for example, may choose not to join.
"We have a duty to respond to the violated in our midst," she said.
For instance, a spate of new paper machines ordered in 1987 or 1988 are just coming into production, creating surplus capacity for many types of paper.
Most popular were top-ranked Power Alley Electronic Bowling by Marchon, an electronic extravaganza designed to turn a playroom into a bowling alley, and the Sound Machine Water Cannon fire engine by Nylint.
In fact, of the 11 countries tracked by Morgan, seven have bonds that yield above 10%.
Moving Marcus around didn't help, either.
Following strong demand, the amount was quickly increased to Pounds 200m from the original Pounds 150m. NatWest Capital Markets and Salomon Brothers International jointly arranged the issue.
For such people, dieting can be a grueling, dispiriting process that can take up to two years.
Authorities said an autopsy on the ninth victim, found Monday along Interstate 195 in Marion, yielded a preliminary identification.
Higher taxation of petrol could be a complement.
RJR Nabisco Inc. stock has surged after its directors prolonged a record auction for the food-and-tobacco giant, signaling their belief that even the fattest offer valued at $26.58 billion is too cheap.
The rights will be paid Feb. 2 as a dividend.
The SEC has been successful at convincing courts to freeze the assets of alleged wrongdoers before they can complete the sales of securities and take the funds out.
Mr. Elbaum notes how Bertelsmann lost money when it tried to run the Literary Guild and other U.S. book clubs the way it runs its German book clubs.
On Tuesday, he drew a crowd of thousands to a cove near Candlestick Park where he lay beached beside rocks bearing a no-trespassing sign.
However, this ran into resistance from CEA-Industrie's management. This compromise is the result of arbitration by Mr Jean-Claude Trichet, the powerful director of the French Treasury, who was called in to resolve the deadlock.
No shooting ever took place and both orders were eventually rescinded.
He later became a sports feature writer and columnist at the Philadelphia Daily News, was a sports columnist at the New York Daily News and worked briefly on the staff of The Philadelphia Inquirer.
If necessary, he said, the cargo will be moved to another ship from the Green Bay, which has made several successful trips for Honda since it was completed Oct. 29 by Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Ltd.
The shares were further affected by recurrent speculation that the bank might bid for TSB. US house Lehman Brothers also voiced caution, arguing that: 'The shares looked stretched without a new source of operating gains.'
They later moved to Screven in southeast Georgia where they sang at nightclubs, fairs and special events.
The company noted that plastics led the increase in operating profits in the materials division.
Underwriters led by Kidder, Peabody & Co. priced the 10 1/2% notes at par.
However, an increase in the number of moderate deputies will free the government of some of its inhibitions - both about being more friendly to the western world and about pursuing its economic liberalisation policies.
The measure also would require President Bush to report to Congress by May 1990 on withdrawing all U.S. forces from South Korea.
"A disproportionate number of customer complaints about broker-dealers in our state derive from the penny stock market," said John B. Hiatt, director of the New Mexico Securities Division.
I don't think people should forget that." Most consumers will probably focus on their pocketbooks tomorrow when the much-awaited consumer price index discloses the initial hit from higher energy prices.
Let me attend now to the disappointments.
Dividend yields on the stocks that make up the major market averages got as low as 2.5 percent at the peak of the bull market last year.
Navy officials insist that 15 carriers are the minimum needed to meet U.S. commitments around the world.
Whittle Communications posted revenue of about $152 million this year and projected operating income for 1989 at about $35 million on revenue of $185 million.
Manuel Antonio Noriega as head of the 15,000-strong Defense Forces.
He said three more fitness centers are planned for Georgia and Virginia in the next 12 to 18 months.
(Wilson vs. Seiter) Washington Airports Ruling By a 6-3 vote, the high court struck down a 1986 federal law that created a congressional board to oversee the operations of the Washington area's airports, National and Dulles.
Future developments might produce a binding substance that clings to abnormal genetic material associated with an overactive BCL2 rather than the messenger, he said.
And so this is where I have a big difference.
Per-share earnings fell to $1.21 in the latest quarter as the average number of shares outstanding rose to 52.2 million from 38.5 million, the company said.
Nowadays, Morgenau sees the proliferation of spas as part of a burgeoning "stress industry." "The whole business is blown up way out of proportion.
Almost 70,000 claims have been filed with the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the San Francisco Bay area for temporary housing help, home and business loans, grants and other aid.
Separately, Britoil's hopes for foiling BP's hostile bid seemed to fade yesterday.
The group immediately turned over the potentially explosive information to the office of Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, the liberal Ohio Democrat who was most likely to oppose the nominee in the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Given stable commodity prices, he suggests, it may be a good idea to tighten credit so that "monetary policy grows at the midpoint" of the target ranges.
UTA said contact was lost with Flight 772 less than an hour after it took off from N'Djamena, Chad, on Tuesday afternoon after a stopover on a flight that originated in Brazzaville, capital of the Congo.
"This also means that each of our peoples can decide to remain in the Yugoslav community or leave it," said Jovic, the head of Yugoslavia's eight-member state presidency.
Where we expect some fairly rude braying and chugging, the Stravinsky was svelteness and light.
'Stocks are overfished at the moment and the scientists are recommending reductions in all stocks in the western approaches.
We should use all chances still to renew the party so that it will have a democratic basis.
Huebl, a key ideologist of the communist-led reforms of Alexander Dubcek that were crushed by a Soviet-led invasion, served as director of the Communist Party Academy during that brief period.
'We can service and reduce the debt out of the cashflow of the combined companies.
Laura's new celebrity status hasn't gone to her head, said her mother, Candyce, of Naperville, west of Chicago.
Far from feeling embarrassed about his outburst, the managing director of British Transport Advertising wrote to the FT last week and told us all about it.
He said the rate has dropped because people are confused by the proliferation of such books _ many of them vanity press publications that charge for a listing.
Formerly at the bottom, Campbell is now near the top.
"I don't say anything important until we have an interpreter," he said in broken German.
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's really on trial in the federal racketeering case against Rep. Mario Biaggi, D-N.Y., and six other men.
The effect is rather like cleaning your ears out with wire wool. But the excitement was shortlived.
The loss of three sailors who died aboard the submarine USS Bonefish was a loss for everyone in the Navy family, a chaplain said during a weekend memorial service.
They have become propaganda pamphlets for central office. There is plenty for them to crow about.
Medicare would pay 60 percent of drug costs the following year and 80 percent in subsequent years _ but still only on that portion that exceeds $600 a year.
Vittorio Cassoni, who had been head of Olivetti's North American operations before joining AT&T in 1986, will be nominated as managing director of the Italian company, AT&T said in a statement.
T. Marshall Hahn Jr., chairman and chief executive officer, said the company's overall business was sound, reflecting healthy demand for pulp and paper products, but he said earnings were affected by weak plywood and lumber prices.
The biggest increase was in the Midwest, where sales increased 26% to a rate of 129,000 after falling 23% in March.
The slimness of that chance may be measured by the performance of the Democrats in the recent US elections.
There are now 1,058 such schemes covering 470,000 workers. The Discretionary Share Option Schemes under the 1984 Finance Act is confined to an elite of managers and directors.
Fusion, combining two atoms, is the power of nuclear warheads. Fission, splitting an atom, is the power of old atomic weapons and of today's nuclear power plants.
A 15-year-old Israeli girl and two Palestinians were killed.
As with any summer camp, there are field trips: to the Broward County Courthouse, jail and crime lab.
"Today's reversal of field will require adjustment of a fairly large number of significant First Amendment holdings," Justice Scalia said in a dissent that he actually read from the bench because he felt so strongly about the issue.
Rejecting offers on June 20, the RTC supplied additional marketing information to four bidders and asked them to submit "best and final" offers.
The volatility was evident last week after the price rally began in the U.S. on Tuesday, spilled over into world oil markets on Thursday and then stalled on Friday.
Dobson couldn't say how many towns were listed in the atlas, but he said he doesn't often drop a town.
And, most interesting of all to prospective investors, the government is committed to making compulsory competitive tendering a way of life.
Also today, the army said a Palestinian died of wounds sustained in an overnight clash with Israeli troops that left four other Palestinians wounded.
The company introduced two new air-conditioner compressors last spring, just in time to benefit from last summer's abnormally hot weather.
Dye says no one has been killed or injured from the 30,960 probes he had sold at prices ranging up to $29.95 since starting the business six years ago, and only one person had been known to receive a shock.
Murdoch has said he would be glad to provide it" once the agreements are signed, the spokesman said.
Roughly 500 institutions are currently considered insolvent.
Agency officials expressed concern about possible pollution that the leak of the poisonous fumes and chemicals might cause.
Another mummy had a fractured right forearm, "perhaps from warding off a blow," Dr. Marx speculates.
Weld also criticized Congress for excluding itself from coverage of conflict-of-interest laws, which former White House political director Lyn Nofziger was convicted last month of violating on behalf of scandal-plagued Wedtech Corp. and two other clients.
The U.S. Supreme Court has refused to say whether states can put off-limits otherwise public information by invoking privacy concerns _ and a Newport divorce lawyer contends Rhode Island's privacy law is such a shield.
Officials are frantically searching for a way to prevent infestation of the Great Lakes by the pesky mussels, with their zebra-like stripes.
His defection was a major embarrassment for the ruling Kuomintang, which had embraced his most famous song, "Descendants of the Dragon," as a patriotic inspiration, and then felt obliged to ban it for several years.
It will be in the interests of all parties - even the US taxpayers whose interests NIH claims to protect - to agree that mass-produced genes cannot be patented.
Also, the Red Cross said Iraqi officials have agreed to allow Americans held at strategic sites to send messages home to their families.
The lowest standards are in Alabama, where a family of two qualifies only if it earns less than $88 a month, or 13 percent of the federal poverty level of $700 a month for one parent and child.
Such views once landed him in prison for nine years.
GE arrived at the $234,000 figure by multiplying 117 by $2,000, the fine in effect prior to 1986.
Narrated by Meryl Streep and directed by Phil Joanou, the film is a series of informal interviews with seven-year-olds from widely varying social, economic and ethnic backgrounds.
High wind warnings were issued for the eastern half of Montana, the northern mountains and eastern sections of Wyoming, the western Dakotas and the eastern foothills of Colorado.
"We do not oppose the measure," Mr. Glauber said.
Company officals and represenatives from UMW District 17 refused to cross the pickets and enter the Raleigh County Armory, where the sides were scheduled to meet to discuss the firings.
FortuneCity climbed the world's premier league of web sites and has more unique users than eBay and CDNow (PC Data Online June 1999), Registered users doubled from 1,5 million to 3,1 million in the last 90 days alone.
Protesters knocked down parts of the school's wall and hurled the debris at police.
The Democratic presidential nominee invoked Truman's battling underdog memory across the Midwest as he pressed his argument that Bush is an elitist whose proposal to reduce the federal tax on capital gains would benefit primarily the wealthy.
Analysts say GE shares lag 36% below last year's high partly because portfolio managers find it too complex.
He is a pugnacious performer in the Commons. But his weaknesses are as obvious as his strengths.
All three networks do enormous amounts of expensive in-depth reporting.
The ruble has no real exchange rate vs. the dollar, and Cuba has been applying an outdated price system established in 1981.
The state has no provision for mercy killing, he said, adding, "Murder is murder." Beverly Maggart worked as a secretary at the University of Missouri-Kansas City from the mid-1970s until she became physically unable to work last September.
She has her special reasons for this peculiar lapse of knowledge, but she isn't alone.
To that extent our interests are aligned,' he said.
All of these planes will be modified eventually.
President Bush's budget chief is appealing to 21 mostly junior senators for help in finding a way to get deficit-reduction talks started between the White House and congressional leaders.
Coors must find out how seriously Keystone Dry will cannibalize the other Keystone labels, which are on a roll, said Emanuel Goldman, analyst at PaineWebber Inc. "You don't want to mess up a good thing," said Mr. Goldman.
The problem with this action is that the US government provides local companies with a powerful lever just by having the procedure in place.'
With the new setup, individual investors will be asked to put themselves in one of four risk categories: "conservative for income," "conservative for growth," "moderate risk" and "aggressive risk."
The new holding company, Webster/Eagle Bancorp Inc., will have about $1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut.
Informed that he could not, he asked if the rejection letter from the American Society of Rejected Writers would count as a rejection.
But with a choice to make, she voted for George Bush.
The impoverished countryside around Ayacucho was the birthplace eight years of the Mao-inspired Shining Path insurgency.
The Soviet population was larger at mid-year, 296.4 million compared with 246 million for the United States.
Trouble is, most players in the broad "average" range (and a lot of quite excellent players, too) are so far from that ideal that we couldn't be nudged there with a bulldozer.
The fighting Saturday came on the third day of an offensive aimed at driving President Samuel Doe from power before a West African force arrives to try to end the 7-month-old civil war.
A Fairchild unit, Vol-San-Chatsworth, was accused recently of non-compliance with required testing procedures.
But fashioning rules that don't have unintended consequences may be extremely difficult.
Izhar Alam, the Punjab police chief, said he believes arms are being smuggled in from Pakistan.
The Austrian official told The Associated Press that the woman is on vacation and believed to be out of the country.
The Soviet ambassador to Denmark, Boris Pastukhov, has been named the Kremlin's new envoy to Afghanistan, succeeding First Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov, an official confirmed Wednesday.
EC beef exports jumped by 48 per cent to 1.16m tonnes, while Australian shipments, reflecting lower sales to Japan, fell 15 per cent to 1m tonnes.
Thousands of people caught a long-awaited glimpse of two giant pandas that went on display at the Toledo Zoo over the objections of a conservation group that wants the endangered animals returned to China.
Under terms, ASK will make and market natural gas-powered cogeneration power systems designed to produce electricity at less cost than a utility would charge a small business.
"I'm sure she didn't mean to take two with her," said Hillhouse's nephew, Scott Hillhouse.
"We ran down to the beach and she was being washed out with a strong undertow.
For this is a play about the aftermath of war: its survivors, refugees, and criminals.
The rightist government of President Alfredo Cristiani has accused the leftist Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front of "kidnapping" hundreds of young men in recent weeks, allegedly to replace losses suffered in the offensive.
However, the vice president told reporters that he would view such a joint appearance as a plus for his campaign.
Hamilton was chairman of Reuters from 1979 to 1985 during the British-based agency's expansion of its financial news services.
By acquiring $34 billion of foreign currency, the monetary authorities have taken a speculative position that yen, D-marks and other currencies will appreciate in relation to the dollar.
Last Oct. 27, then-President Reagan recommended that the building be razed and rebuilt from the ground up.
The report is to be released publicly today.
Independent prosecutors obviously think they make their own rules, and apparently have convinced most of the press and public.
According to official figures, 31 people were killed.
The province has an estimated population of 3 million.
As a subsidiary of Time Inc., Book-of-the-Month Club does not reveal exact sales figures for its books, videotapes or casettes.
But he said he expects the current advance to continue and to move stocks close to the upper end of the trading range that has prevailed since last October's market crash.
Navy admirals, many of whom expressed misgivings about the ATF in the past, must renegotiate the service's role in the overall program by the end of this year.
Saddam said the missile could hit targets hundreds of miles away.
The success of the X-15 design, development and flight program allowed the Mercury, Gemini and Apollo spaceflight programs to accelerate.
Last week, American Telephone & Telegraph Co. announced the establishment of a system of networks covering all health care for its U.S. work force.
Although forecasting is difficult, he says some nuclear plants will have to be replaced in France, while the debate in Germany about the greenhouse effect could work in the nuclear industry's favour. The two home markets will be important for NPI.
Samuel said the courts have not ruled definitively on the issue.
The question asked the 1,039 Canadians surveyed was: "Just suppose for a minute that Canadians were allowed to vote in a U.S. presidential election.
Casualties included works by Theodore Dreiser, Ernest Hemingway and Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
Officials were unsure how many head of cattle were lost in the fire.
The vendor is Davey Bickford Smith.
Hung joined the revolution at the age of 16. The French arrested him in 1931 and banished him to a decade and a half of hard labor at the notorious prison island of Poulo Condore.
One of MOMA's "Ten Criteria" calls for a member to "assume responsibility for one's own life, though at times choosing to seek the help of others."
Management is a problem for the Republicans, as most Americans, given the Reagan record, may suspect the Grand Old Party doesn't know how to manage things.
The four largest last year raised assets by 4.5 per cent, but net income fell 6 per cent in dollar terms.
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney has projected a 2 percent annual decline through the mid-1990s, and many influential congressional figures have called for much steeper declines.
"These are wild dolphins.
At one point in 1986, economic strength was so geographically warped that the entire mid-section of the country was strained by simultaneous weakness in farming, heavy manufacturing, mining and oil.
In 1974, Ella T. Grasso was elected governor of Connecticut, the first woman to win a governorship without succeeding her husband.
That's one of the things about when people talk about selling off the public lands to pay off the national debt.
An olive will just make your cocktail oily. I emerged from the tasting slightly light-headed and not wholly convinced that I had really got to the bottom of the martini debate.
"If the health's good, I may continue," he said.
He directed that anyone whose activities come under examination must be moved to different jobs that have nothing to do with procurement.
However, it claims to have no set calendar for issuance. The assumption in the market is that stock sales will be spread as evenly as possible throughout the year, but few clues have been given as to which maturities the Bank might favour.
The group is buying assets with roughly $1.35 billion of debt and a market value of $1.8 billion.
Underwood, who has been on unpaid medical leave, said she has been diagnosed as having post-traumatic stress syndrome, a condition associated with Vietnam veterans, rape victims and people who have been tortured.
He is virtually the only industrial saint around." Analysts expect Digital to start a new stock buy-back program soon to bolster the shares.
But the show is nonetheless the summer's hottest ticket, with a record advance sale for a nonmusical of over 1.5 million pounds ($2.35 million), and a top ticket price of 17 pounds 50 ($27.50), steep by London standards.
Oil prices dropped in fairly active trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange after Egypt announced it was lowering its crude export prices for the first half of July.
Applications were due last week to the Federal Communications Commission for new systems to provide telephone service to commercial aircraft.
The car that held the second bomb also was reduced to a twisted black metal skeleton.
The Health and Welfare Ministry said Kiichi Fujiwara in Kanagawa prefecture, near Tokyo, now is Japan's oldest man, 109 years and one month.
District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau said his office began investigating allegations of fraud in August 1989 following a complaint from one of the lenders, Chase Manhattan Bank, a subsidiary of Chase Manhattan Corp.
Scientists said ozone depletion over Antarctica reached record levels in recent months.
All the Atrium's retailers were scheduled to open by February and Karp said he expected to begin turning a profit shortly thereafter.
The 18 males and 12 females, ranging in age from 13 to 43, received their new kidneys as far back as 1975.
He recommends the same strategy with platinum: As prices rise above key technical levels, in this case $382.50, investors shouldn't liquidate but simply raise their stop-loss orders to higher price levels.
It said the United Nations has estimated that in Sudan as many as 5 million people are at risk.
Traders are hoping for a cut in the discount rate at the central bank council meeting Thursday.
"The (anti-narcotics) decrees, which have been announced, could have been brought in three years ago."
The board was unanimous, together with the divisional directors and executives (ie, the top 100 managers of our business) on the necessity for the structures review. The majority of the executive board have spent their working lives in this business.
He began his diplomatic career in 1924 as a clerk at the U.S. consulate in Stuttgart, Germany.
Members of the Sylmar Hang Gliding Association hope they will deter people from dumping stolen cars over the sides of cliffs and shooting guns illegally in the Angeles National Forest, said group spokesman Rome Dodson.
Fixed-rate 30-year mortgages rose to an average 10.91% last week, the highest level since early 1986.
But even among such cool heads there is bewilderment at constant claims that the group will be out of the red by the end of this year. According to analysts' calculations, a loss of around DM700m (Pounds 270m) is unavoidable.
The other two dropped out; the university won't say why.
"It's a great feeling of relief.
He is still quite capable of living down to his poor image.
Fort Worth, also in the shadow of Dallas, has survived the oil bust better than Dallas, the magazine said.
The price is Dollars 1.9m, and the agent Jenny Pruitt.
"Senatorial Privilege" has sold more than 70,000 copies despite this major-media neglect, or perhaps because of it.
Many voting machines have room for only eight candidates on a line, and as of Sunday, five Republicans and seven Democrats were seeking their parties' presidential nomination.
It also expressed appreciation to the board for taking time to gather more information.
One tunnel, the service tunnel, is more than half-finished, but much work remains on the other two, which will carry trains in opposite directions.
The Cannon unit holds unlimited world-wide rights to some pictures but it has more limited rights to other movies.
The professional standard-setting organization also released new government figures indicating that the U.S. rate, the highest in the developed world, may finally be leveling off after rising steeply since the mid-1970s.
Passengers were taken to the international air terminal, where Lampl said they were going through customs and immigration and then would be placed on other flights to Miami.
The way down was easier on the lungs than the way up, but harder on the legs, and the rocks underfoot felt sharper.
The elder DeBartolo is founder of the Edward J. DeBartolo Corp. headquartered in Youngstown, Ohio.
But Wednesday was different.
The evening began with Cunningham's 1968 "RainForest."
Virginia Sims, a leader of the Wichita black community and former publisher of a weekly newspaper, died Wednesday.
Responding to calls for Wilson's resignation, he shouted across the floor to opponents, "You should be worried about the guy who stole the property." Liberal leader John Turner sharply criticized Wilson for not resigning.
Because their lives depended on the dogs, the men knew them all intimately, their strengths and foibles.
Galac neither admitted nor denied the rules violation.
That scenario gained credence Wednesday when U.S. military officials conceded that some vital American ground forces might not be ready by the Jan. 15 deadline.
Though no single carrier will control the new company, Delta will own the largest chunk at 40 percent, the airlines said Thursday.
"At one point, we took products that were already on the market in other countries," says Mr. Lyons.
Some meager hope is building for home construction.
Ryzhkov's economic plan proposes a five-year transition to what it calls a market economy still partially regulated by the government.
Manuel Antonio Noriega took refuge in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City last December after U.S. troops invaded the country in an effort to bring him to the United States to face drug charges.
After getting promising test-market results in Wisconsin last year, Bitesize has begun a national roll-out of Tribbles.
"It was a very profitable business," he says.
Net sales fell to $1.22 billion from $1.40 billion last year.
Foreign banks have typically provided grants or personnel resources to meet that obligation.
Less trading means lower commissions and less revenue for brokerage firms.
An amazing amount of people thought this was a crummy idea or that I and the others supporting it were silly.
The man returned to Rhode Island, pulling the 6-year-old off the sidewalk two blocks from his home, police said.
The UK company DIP, whose handheld miniature computer is the basis of the Atari Portfolio, showed that, as did Psion with its notebook-style Mobile Computer. Both companies may have been somewhat ahead of the market.
Neither they nor Sen. Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, the third member of Congress on the board, participated in the selection of Zinser as the new president.
No one was hurt or killed in the blasts, but state authorities later imposed a curfew and banned all public assembly, including Friday prayer services, forcing tens of thousands of Moslem sabbath worshipers to stay indoors.
Last year, Mobil brought in another substantial well in the High Island field, one that tested at a rate equivalent to 9,300 barrels of oil a day.
It is the most radical, daring economic reform program ever attempted in Eastern Europe.
This is the date the swallows traditionally return to the San Juan Capistrano Mission in California.
"When you have a guy that you know is a great front-runner, it sets your course," said Faldo, who won on the second hole of a playoff with Scott Hoch last year.
The man who runs Boston's Logan Airport faced the same problem plaguing major airports worldwide: how to cut the delays that were making flying an ever more unpleasant experience.
Nigel Planer splutters energetically but to little effect.
As in Grenada, the insurgents have shown a willingness to use extremist methods to advance their cause.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas O'Rourke said in his opening statement Tuesday that he would show that Brenneke lied when he testified about the alleged meeting and when he said he and another man were contract employees of the CIA.
The eyewitnesses said they were too far away to tell whether Christen appeared to be in good health.
"We very much want to make the highest bid you will receive to acquire Lucky Stores," American Stores Chairman L.S. Skaggs said in the letter.
The Disney Co. is organizing and paying for the entire event, including hotel rooms and food.
Aside from his retardation, Kohl is blind and an active carrier of the hepatitis B virus.
That's when it's time to bring on the victims.
But Kremin said more than a dozen witnesses will swear that nothing was thrown at the rescue workers.
Goertz told immigration inspectors he had been forced to join the SS at the end of 1943 and remained a member until the end of World War II in May 1945, officials said.
The biggest losers in the American were Cleveland (a runaway last), Chicago and California (LA/Orange County).
The station has now been converted into a 'gold' rock and pop music format. The paper offer for the A shares is 345 for 200; for the ordinary shares, it is 206 for 100.
"It's going well," he said. "I feel like (blacks) will start coming to the pool." Jamie Willis, 17, who is white, said they probably wouldn't.
Simon called it 'hard, heavy, laboured'.
The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average gained 257.69 points, or 0.67 percent, ending at 38,681.31.
'It is our intention to pursue a strategy that will bring recovery, with it growth, with it jobs and with it prosperity,' he said in the house yesterday.
Omus Hirschbein, who is director of performing arts at the Y, is convinced the plan will be a winner.
The high-flying Pirates have been baseball's biggest surprise this year, leading the National League Eastern division. What's more, management believes the scrappy club can sell 2 million tickets, enough to eke out a profit.
"Andrew Dice Clay did not do this in rehearsal and we were very surprised by it.
European tractor sales are projected to fall to 106,000 units in 1994, down from 181,000 in 1990. Industry-wide sales of construction equipment are flat to lower.
Call charges would also be cheaper than using the public network.
He was even scarier than Godzilla because he didn't look like a monster, but just like someone who spent too much time at the gym.
In Chamonix, France, ice sculptors Christian Claudel and Francis Cuny carved a giant thermometer on the Mer de Glace glacier to protest global warming resulting from air pollution.
For several months, there was optimism all around.
The revised figures showed that nonfarm productivity increased by 2.1 percent in 1988, compared to a previous estimate of 1.5 percent.
I talked to one company the other day that had just finished looking at it for a third time."
OPEC in recent weeks has been making some involuntary reductions in output.
The group forecast that the dollar's value will fall another 5% to 10% by the end of 1988.
"A policeman found a diamond ring out in the parking lot," she said.
"He's an extraordinary trial lawyer," says Federal Judge Frank Altimari, who first met Mr. Parcher during the lawyer's stint as a public defender.
The Mallicks paid off their loans in December 1980 by selling Mallightco a 1979 Cadillac Seville valued at $10,575 and credited against the loans.
Ahmed Moharam, a 38-year-old Exxon Corp. administrator, remembers being sent from his mountain village when he was 11 because the only real schools were in Sanaa, the capital.
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board had sought to block Parks under regulations prohibiting a group from gaining control of a savings and loan association without federal permission.
The radio also announced that all political prisoners had been released.
Mexico Equities closed sharply weaker as prices trailed Wall Street.
While playing, he wears a special glove, stitched at home by a trainer, that allows extra room for soft bandages.
Carson Pirie Scott & Co. said the Circuit Court of Cook County, Ill., denied the request of one of its landlords for a preliminary injunction against a proposed reorganization of the company.
As veterans of budget wars know, revenue "shortfalls" and budget "cuts" don't mean that the numbers go down, just that they fall a little short of the (projected) dreams of avarice.
It is more expensive than either landfilling or incineration, although that could change as industries gear up to handle large volumes of recycled material.
One might have thought that the market would be impervious to shocks from the housebuilders by now.
Baptist conservatives had mixed reactions to the organization.
"We taught them to think this way.
In attempting to enter other markets, Ms. Thomas must apply the Chicago formula to cities that lack a central young-singles neighborhood akin to the Lincoln Park area.
Then move into rented accommodation.
Tribune said a "steep decline" in advertising revenue led to lower profit in its media businesses.
The witnesses said corpses were lying on the streets in the Novo Sarajevo and Novi Grad districts. Casualty figures were difficult to confirm but Belgrade television said at least three civilians had been killed and dozens wounded.
Frankfurt stocks also declined but London shares rose.
The 63-member conference agreed unanimously to raise the federal borrowing limit to $2.8 trillion from the current level of $2.32 trillion, an increase of $480 billion.
Those who say Congress used to run with alacrity and efficiency are revisionists; the Founding Fathers didn't intend it that way, and they rarely would have been surprised.
Though Mr. Lawson has said he believes inflation has peaked, he declined to indicate when the government might feel it has slowed enough to allow a relaxation in interest rates.
So has a vocal oppositon, which says there can be no democratization in Panama as long as Gen.
That's not likely to bother the typical F-series buyer, however. Ford said 95 percent are men, with median age of about 45.
HAL said the latest results will be reported in a few weeks.
I wanted my brother officers to know I'm innocent.
He said he looked over the evidence carefully and felt he had no choice.
Based on number of stores, the acquisition ranks as the largest for Blockbuster, which has been growing at a torrid pace in recent years.
When Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze visited Deng in Shanghai last February he received a warm and lengthy handshake, but no hug.
Richard Schroeder, a leading Social Democrat lawmaker, said after talks broke off that his party still hoped to join de Maiziere's government.
After Yanayev's nomination, Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev, one of those mentioned earlier as a possible vice president, said curtly: "Yes, I will support him.
The moves have fueled a rise in UAL stock of about $14 a share this month.
Farley is trying to restructure a $796 million loan obtained from a consortium of banks for the Pepperell buyout.
A much larger number of people - around 275,000 - have mortgage arrears of more than six months.
The panel is considering six allegations against Wright.
APRIL 12 _ Plane crash in South Africa kills 23.
But the creditors, who range from aircraft giants like Airbus Industrie and Boeing to mom-and-pop travel agencies, have grown increasingly frustrated and impatient about getting at least some of their money.
'At least 51 per cent of the equity must be sold for privatisation to be a reality.
The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent last month despite a 0.7 percent drop in energy costs.
If the broad correlation of forces runs overwhelmingly against Saddam, how can he move with impunity?
The Internal Revenue Service is ahead of last year's pace in processing income tax returns.
Turkish civil defense workers, helped by a 32-member West German rescue team with search dogs, shoveled through the mud and stones that roared down on the mountain village Thursday morning.
Structural steel is mainly used for the construction industry.
"Investigators have found, after extensive testing, that the interior tail cone release mechanism failed to separate the tail cone and deploy the emergency slide," National Transportation Safety Board member John Lauber said.
Also Wednesday, an army report concluded that a 15-year-old female Jewish settler whose death in the occupied lands raised a furor was killed by a bullet from a careless Israeli guard, not by stones thrown by Palestinians.
The credits range from 25% to 40% of the dollar value of the increase.
For example, Libya was the first to break the $30-a-barrel level and others followed.
Samsung Group and Goldstar, also of South Korea, are selling more products under their own names.
The yield spread was 0.01 percentage point wider than late Monday.
Patane apparently suffered a heart attack while conducting a new arrangement of the opera "The Barber of Seville," late Monday, Bavarian Radio said in a statement released to other news media.
In the nation's capital, the high of 87 was the warmest on record for any day in March.
Troubled Columbia Savings & Loan said it has agreed to sell its high-risk junk bonds to a Canadian-led investment group for $3 billion.
More to the point, said an ethnic Turkmen, 'In this country there are not laws.
A woman located through income tax errors has pleaded guilty to escaping from a federal women's prison 10 years ago, but even a prosecutor cites her good behavior since then.
The Soviet delegation is headed by Prime Minister Nikolai Ryzkhov and includes Interior Minister Vadim Bakatin and Justice Minister Veniamin Yakovlev.
The Treasury's 30-year issue climbed nearly 1/4 point.
The indictments from a federal grand jury were issued late last week.
Becor said it completed the planned sale of its Western Gear aerospace unit to Lucas for about $109.3 million.
Gasoline has set new record closing prices every day since Aug. 15, with prices at the pump also on the rise.
"It addresses key areas of importance to both of us," he said, citing operational efficiency, training, job security and compensation.
Both were charged with nine counts of sodomy and rape, according to police spokesman Capt.
Pearson, on the other hand has underperformed the market over the same period.
The better party is one with 100,000 members and (capable of getting) 1 million votes, than a party with 1 million members and only 100,000 votes," he said.
At that time Northrop indicated that the decision by the international chamber would carry more weight.
It said in the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, it guaranteed 196,600 home loans totaling $15.8 billion, compared to 188,000 home loans totaling $14.4 billion in the previous year.
The result is likely to be big cost savings as drugs companies restructure their salesforces, once their biggest cost-centres. The move is being driven by two important changes.
The paper's article cannot be considered a statement backed by the policy-making Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party, he said.
Or why the most simple fact involving the location of the coroner's office eludes everyone on this case for years.
Consumers Union rates more than 50 long-term care policies in the May edition of its magazine, Consumer Reports, and finds some fault with every one of them.
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used, the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals (a role usually filled by a minicomputer), as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, USX closed at $30.125, down $1.
Now, the first U.S. retrospective of the 50-year-old, German-born artist has just opened at the New Museum of Contemporary Art, in SoHo.
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day.
If convicted, Barrie could get up to a year in jail and a $2,000 fine.
Among those remaining in contention was Lisa M. Edwin of Dwight, Ill., one of the six 10-year-olds who were among the 222 who began the competition on Wednesday.
The affected models are DU7400XS-0, DU7600S-0, DU7800XS-0, DU9000XR-0 and DU9000XR-1, the company said.
Dennis C. Bottorff, president and chief operating officer of Sovran, will be president and chief operating officer of Avantor and become chief executive officer of the new company upon Brown's retirement.
Profit from continuing operations excluding unusual items more than doubled, reflecting improved results in all business groups.
The package envisions establishing more than the single anti-missile site allowed under the 1972 pact, but delays the decision for at least several years and urges the president to try to renegotiate the pact in the meantime.
It was not just his age that set him apart, however.
To them, the old policies seemed to favor animals and whites over blacks.
Japan has many such groups, bound together by cross shareholdings, other financial ties and common business strategies.
Workers were not required to use the regulator, since mining in the section had been completed on Sept. 6, and the four workers who died in the area of high methane concentration were dismantling a longwall mining machine, Smith said.
Plans to sell the stake, valued at 1.8 billion West German marks ($990 million), were postponed earlier this year by the auto maker's announcement in March of an unexpected 473 million mark foreign-exchange loss from fraud.
The official Tass news agency said 47 demonstrators were arrested.
It manages two others.
It is probably running slightly ahead of a similar project on a greenfield site near Daventry.
Terry Herbeck, president, said United Surgical doesn't intend to file for bankruptcy-law protection and the company isn't in financial difficulty.
In contrast another fledgling company, Unipalm, the computer network specialist, has gone to a healthy premium.
Cain and Wymer were sentenced to probation Thursday.
Despite these impressive statistics, CGE appears to have had trouble finding other shareholders to join in the venture to lessen its financial burden.
The Lexington was launched in 1942.
The National Archives released 47 hours of tape-recorded conversations between former President Nixon and his top aides, most of them made in the Oval Office.
The addict slips the needle into his scarred arm and drives down the plunger, or flares a crack-filled pipe and inhales the heated vapor.
For 1987, securities analysts are estimating profit will rise to about $2.75 a share, with some estimates ranging as high as $3 a share.
He gave no details of the current negotiations.
A BankEast spokesman said yesterday that its proposal hasn't been withdrawn.
BUSH HAS SURGED to a wide lead over Dukakis, according to a new poll.
NCR charged that AT&T's offer violates federal regulations.
Herr is German for mister.
Madani began a two-year prison in 1982 for organizing a fundamentalist protest.
One trader said that although the market isn't perceived as "overheating," it still "has been rising rather fast and is likely to have a slight correction."
Each uses ethnic working-class roots to seek support from a constituency composed of police officers, firefighters and other blue-collar residents who are first-generation Americans born of Eastern European parents.
For one thing, it's hard for them to make a more attractive offer than the U.S.'s, that if Mr. Noriega left now, he could return after Panama's elections in May 1989.
Hawaiian Insurance & Guaranty Co. and its four units accounted for $58.5 million in revenue in 1985.
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Samuel R. Pierce says federal housing officials plan to significantly increase the number of people getting vouchers to help pay their rent.
Grumman has said it isn't a target of a continuing grand jury investigation in Brooklyn.
Perhaps a new poster boy should be recruited.
Today it's a megacity of 12 million people and growing.
He met a Vietnamese woman in 1969 to whom he is still married in the United States; he fathered Gloria during a brief liaison.
Kyriakos noted: "I don't care much about Lebanon, like the older generation does.
Michael H., a neighbor with whom Carol D. had an affair, sued in state court in 1982, seeking to have himself declared Victoria's father.
A large part of Kazakhstan would also be included.
The RISC microprocessors are at the heart of a growing number of workstations.
Roth's amendment stems from the death of Lee Mirecki, who died March 2 during Navy rescue swimmer training in Florida.
In judging its monetary policy, the Fed has indicated it is monitoring the value of the dollar, commodity prices and the difference between short- and long-term interest rates in addition to the two broader money supply measures.
Three others are scheduled in the next two weeks.
Liggett & Myers Tobacco's headquarters and manufacturing facilities will remain in Durham, together with its administrative and factory personnel.
That is because many retailers stocked up on these products in preparation for possible sanctions, and also because the U.S. government purposefully selected goods for tariffs that are competitively supplied by non-Japanese producers.
The ceremonies are Sept. 17.
A megabit equals one million bits.
"With Cardinal, if you hold it to maturity, you're going to get 7.25%" each year.
The vice president, who visited several Central American countries in June, also called on Nicaragua, Cuba and the Soviet Union to stop arming leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.
The city's Library Board still must vote on whether to build the new library.
Whatever the case, strategists don't operate in a vacuum. "You get a lot of heat from your brokers when you're bearish and the market goes up," says Mr. Smith at Prudential Securities.
The current squeeze may result from one-off pressures as recession grips mainland Europe and Procter & Gamble makes a splash in detergents in the US.
On Monday, the government employees union publicly declared that it would not attend a government-sponsored rally called for yesterday, and the government had to cancel it.
At the time, Japan got 80 percent of its oil from the United States, and it feared the consequences of a possible American cutoff of supplies.
There was also some interest in utility stocks that have either recently passed or are approaching deadlines for investors to qualify for dividends.
Arnold Staloff, past president of the New York Commodity Exchange, on Tuesday was named president and chief executive officer of Bloom Staloff Corp., a Philadelphia securities trading firm.
Police gave no motive for the slaying of Angela de Guerrero, 32. She was shot four times as she sat in her small sedan outside a supermarket in Bogota's northern suburbs by two gunmen who fled in a white car.
The Pan Am jet, the first U.S.-chartered flight in nearly three weeks, landed Friday afternoon at Raleigh-Durham airport with 123 American citizens, six Canadians and others of unknown nationality.
The site is directly across the river from where the girl's parents, Robert and Paula Sims, live.
Republicans - Frenzel, N; Stangeland, N; Weber, N.
But Mr. Nilson thinks the big players in Visa and MasterCard this decade will be the European banks.
"The idea is to abolish the curbs on a reciprocal basis so travel theoretically is permitted everywhere," an official said.
Since Richard Greenberg's adaptations stick closely to Kafka's texts, the piece preserves much of Kafka's dry, matter-of-fact tone.
Those nationals account for fewer than 600 of the stranded Westerners.
They said their 1985 calculations could not be confirmed because the government then was not disclosing figures.
However, a clause in the 1980 constitution, written by Pinochet's administration, allows him to remain army commander until 1998.
Mr. Lee is expected to try to do this at the ruling party's congress in July by persuading a sufficient number of elderly members of the KMT old guard to retire.
That increased the yield on the government's benchmark 30-year bonds to 8.90% from 8.85%.
Yasunari Kawabata was the previous Japanese prizewinner in 1968.
Sunday's was the sixth election since the return to democracy after the 1967-74 military dictatorship.
The concert-goers outside the Jackson Optimist Sports Arena occasionally hooted and made obscene gestures.
Most are toll-free 800 numbers or 900 numbers, for which callers pay.
To Some Degree Now that he's added a Ph.D.
"These companies correctly believe that they can get away with nearly anything in terms of new-product claims." What's the difference, for example, between Tylenol Cold formula and Tylenol Cold & Flu formula, both made by Johnson & Johnson?
Prosecutor Sara Nieves said officials at the U.S. Interests Section had provided logistical support and "orientation" to the members of Pro-Human Rights Youth, who were convicted on Wednesday.
Cornelia Small, chief economist at Scudder, Stevens & Clark, said it will be difficult to tell much about the state of the ecomony until after Christmas.
Mr. Vander Jagt said he knew of only two companies that would benefit from the minimum tax change.
For Dukakis, the speech marked the culmination of a 16-month campaign for his party's presidential nomination and the formal opening of his challenge to Bush.
Economic deprivations have risen.
Flynn said the president told him he had tried to call the mayor at his home recently and spoke with Flynn's 9-year-old daughter. Flynn said he told Bush he never got the message, and joked that maybe his daughter didn't know who Bush was.
The commercials on television in Bahrain and Saudi Arabia are even more boring than those on U.S. networks.
I am disappointed that Bryn Davies did not express a more rounded view.
The virus, related to the deadly Ebola virus of Africa, has turned up in monkeys from three Philippine importers since fall. The licenses of three of the nation's largest monkey importers have been revoked amid concerns about the virus's spread.
The Supreme Court will take up important cases on corporate taxes, product liability, employee benefits and antitrust.
Floyd's sole three-putt green came after a pulled nine-iron left him 50 rollercoaster feet from the pin on 17, and it cost him his lead.
The National Futures Association received the audited report for 1989 in late March of this year.
Separately, in Oklahoma City, Fleming Cos. said its board authorized the repurchase of as many as two million common shares, about 7.5% of its stock outstanding.
For the week, the index rose about 4.5 points.
The treaty was the first between the countries since a friendship pact in 1944, and France's first bilateral treaty in 27 years.
The premiums paid by banks into their federal deposit-insurance fund will be almost doubled, to $1.50 for every $1,000 of deposits, but the thrifts' premiums will rise to $2.30 next year and could ultimately reach $3.25.
"We're going to pick up _ one way or the other _ all the oil that's out there," Exxon spokesman Don Cornett told reporters one week after the Exxon Valdez ran aground.
Eugene Laff, former Haas chairman, was charged last month with 15 counts of conspiring to mainipulate the prices of the same three stocks to increase their value in a scheme that included Lorin.
Lutz is known for his love of cars, especially driving them fast.
The governor has made sure funds are distributed evenly in rural areas, White said.
West Texas has been under pressure since January.
Earlier this month, Premadasa announced the amnesty as part of a peace plan under which Sinhalese and Tamil militants would receive parliamentary seats and jobs in return for renouncing violence.
Also, banks holding the bonds may be required to mark the bonds to market on a continuous basis.
Because of the injury, Dr. Hammer appeared last Monday with a cane to host a luncheon in Los Angeles for Sen. Albert Gore Jr., Democratic presidential candidate, the spokesman says.
Japanese leaders have said Japan might aid Peru if Fujimori works with the IMF and other multilateral organizations to address its economic problems.
What's wrong with that sort of recession?
During a 90-minute news conference, Ballard described how he his ocean-crawling robot located the Bismarck "sitting upright and proud" two weeks ago.
And recently, Coastal won a $549 million judgment from an Occidental Petroleum Corp. unit in a suit charging that the unit tried to monopolize certain natural gas markets.
The EEC high court said the Common Market states had not followed correct procedures when they enacted the ban, which was passed by a written procedure that required unanimity.
A U.S. team visited the Soviet test facility earlier this month.
Stening said four gunmen kidnapped them near south Lebanon's provincial capital of Sidon as they were driving in a U.N. car from their base in the southern port of Tyre to Beirut on Feb. 5.
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half.
"I missed one of those turns on the inside," he told me, "and it was like falling down an empty elevator shaft." In "Carmen Sings Monk," there are no casualties.
A military honor guard fired a salute as workers shoveled soil over his red and black coffin.
The staff will produce seven hours of live news, weather and markets coverage every week day, and several half-hour summaries daily.
First-quarter sales declined 3.5% to $1.10 billion from $1.14 billion.
The Japan's central bank does not officially comment on its market activity.
It runs head-on into the deficits plaguing the United States and the economic crisis wrenching the Soviet Union.
Drenchev ruled out a candidacy for himself.
Big Board volume totaled 170.49 million shares, against 167.10 million in the previous session.
Eurodollar bond prices were marked significantly lower, and one of the few major new issues, by Shell Canada Ltd., encountered resistance, surprising many dealers.
So what's wrong with perfection?
Washington University in St. Louis has a 50-50 agreement with an outside venture capitalist who selects research with commercial promise.
"Your great state was the only state with the good sense to be in the Democratic column in 1984, and we're going to make sure that you have lots of company in 1988," she said in her remarks at the delegation's headquarters hotel.
It also nullified other contracts where local authorities had come out on top, leaving the banks a loophole through which to recuperate at least part of their losses.
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell's exchange with a Gosbank representative ("Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails," editorial page, Oct. 5) with great interest, since the gold standard is one of my areas of research.
While the dollar moved in ranges of more than two pfennigs and one yen yesterday, the intraday bands were more digestible than Tuesday's swings of five pfennigs and two yen.
But it is not an option for the world as a whole.
Police said they began their investigation of Zaccaro, now 24, after hearing he was dealing drugs.
'Since then business on all our sites has been transformed.' The workforce at Derby, Crewe and York has been reduced from 8,300 to 4,500 and costs have been pared.
Advocates for Cuban prisoners immediately criticized Nelson's statements.
Consequently, it is indeed a very favorable provision for those who are "lucky" enough to die during the next five years.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony M. Kennedy on Tuesday blocked a 15-year-old girl from obtaining an abortion without the consent of her parents or a judge.
But dermatologists have praised the drug as the only one on the market capable of curing the severe acne that causes deep scarring.
Reports said some trains from Soweto to Johannesburg were stoned and passengers had to lie on the floor.
On Monday some analysts suggested that traders were using this as cover to squeeze the aluminium and nickel markets.
Mayors and minority leaders have criticized Mr. Bennett's efforts as inadequate.
"To have been treated as a political threat, I feel complimented," Lawrence Guyot, one of the 31 named, said in an interview from his Washington home last week. "The Sovereignty Commission was concerned about destroying things.
Among the other signs, says Steve Lyons, associate professor of meteorology at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, are the large thunderstorms typically produced in the areas of the warm sea water.
Amnesty International called on the British government to outlaw manufacture of equipment which can be used only for executions or torture.
The cut in the October 1988-September 1989 quota was triggered automatically by a fall in the average coffee price below $1.15 a pound.
In addition to the children whose ages ranged from 5 to 13 years old, and the clerk, about eight other people witnessed the shooting.
For example, a customer with a Pulse card may pay for gasoline at any Mobil station that has an on-line electronic card payment machine.
Theotokis was born on the Ionian island of Corfu and studied law in Switzerland and France.
Leaders of the National Office for Black Catholics and the National Black Lay Caucus said Sunday they would study written comments collected at the conference before issuing a statement on the rite.
He claims they've been unable to muster more than a handful for protest marches and haven't delayed his plans a day.
Jabara accused Jackson of "caving in" to Jewish groups, and said many members of his group were dismayed by the TV interview.
He said that "even though the opposition is not completely satisfied, the electoral process is being channeled toward what the opposition wants." The government promised to put no restraints on campaigning or news coverage.
It said the food was mostly for Miskito, Sumo and Rama Indian communities on the Atlantic Coast.
He wrote that class barriers were crumbling, and pointed to studies showing that by the year 2000, 70 percent of all job will require brains, not brawn, compared with only 30 percent in 1945.
West Germany's drug dealers are linked to an international network stretching from the Far East to North America, law officials say.
The Kuwaitis took an especially tough line toward Iraq, which seized the oil-rich country in a bitter dispute that challenges Kuwait's right to survive as a nation.
At that time, U.S. bishops, with approval of the late Pope Paul VI, revoked an 1884 decree by the American bishops automatically excommunicating divorced, remarried Catholics.
The appeals court last week upheld the lower court ruling.
The Agnellis' investment arm, Ifint S.A., is to ally with BSN in a joint bid for Exor of about 1,450 francs a share.
The Food and Drug Administration will hold a hearing next week to review continuing reports that a widely used prescription acne drug is linked to birth defects.
One way for Time to increase shareholder value would be to pay a special cash dividend.
Says Zeke Owen, whose shop near Camp LeJeune caters to Marines: "I've done Iwo Jima maybe 12 times in 30 years.
Consumer prices edged up 0.1% in January after rising 0.2% in December, suggesting weak demand is still holding inflation in check.
It is a composition of wit, brilliance and energy; Sinopoli risked the ire of the large Sunday-night audience in programming it.
A psychologist, Lucy Papillon, reportedly told the grand jury that she and Railey were romantically involved and had discussed marriage before the attack.
When inflation fell with the Real to less than 2 per cent a month, this income disappeared.
He predicts the number of store terminals nationwide will hit 65,000 by year end, up from 27,400 at the end of 1986.
Moments later, he began lurching back and forth in a unique twist-style dance step.
The Iraqi army's al-Qadissiya daily reported Thursday that Lt. Gen.
Analysts said reports of intervention by foreign central bankers did little to help the embattled dollar.
India in the 1990s wants good relations with the west, especially the US, as never before.
This is a conservative estimate.
"The Algerian negotiators thereupon allowed the plane to take off for Algiers and then took the hijackers at their word.
Former pro football star John Matuszak died of an accidental overdose of a mild narcotic painkiller, the coroner said Tuesday in a report that also found non-lethal traces of cocaine in his system.
Outside the administration, Mr. Baker's Keynesian critics have long urged devaluation as the only way to reverse the trade deficit; they're still waiting for the J-curve to kick in and reduce the deficit, despite two years of devaluation.
As one congressional staff member put it, "Yesterday's events show that investment banking is a risky business."
This was augmented last winter, when USAir agreed to operate the former Trump Shuttle which flies between Washington DC-New York-Boston. So the airlines respective routes fit fairly neatly together.
A different texture," he said. "You have to chew it a very long time." Cundiff and his colleagues, whose lab is at Clay Center, Neb., have worked to identify breeds or breed crosses that help improve tenderness while reducing fat.
But they say their refusal to date has nothing to do with questions of taste.
On Wednesday, Sri Lankan industrialist Kanagasabai Gunaratnam was slain by two men on a motorcycle as he sat in his car in Colombo, a company spokesman said on condition of anonymity.
But for brain tests, the unwieldy machines "would have required patients to stand on their heads," says Reginald Bickford, a researcher at the University of California at San Diego.
The dispute reached its peak last week when a Sephardi militant, Yamin Suissa, announced he sent a telegram to President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and President Bush, asking them to curb the Soviet Jewish exodus.
INFLATION TARGET Will not be exceeded 'in any serious way' this year.
There are no party politics.
It posted a profit for 1990; in the first quarter of this year it had a loss of C$15 million, or 30 Canadian cents a share.
Filmy dresses in soft colors seemed to float down the runway. Suits, sometimes with deep decolletes, and pant suits cut on a bias guaranteed the feminine touch.
That mood in itself might end the crisis shortage, since it might soon be documented as a decline of consumer confidence.
One pound cost $1.6825 Monday, cheaper than late Friday's $1.7023.
Will Baby and Johnny get it on before Penny gets Baby? Shut up and dance.
In 1987, pension funds held 24 percent of the securities traded in this country.
'They are all at least trilingual,' he says.
"The person on the receiving end really doesn't have much to say about it until the person on the appointing end decides what he is going to do and makes the announcement," Orr said.
'It is not so much more deserving than other countries.' But why was a Brady-type solution not launched much earlier?
'It's too early to pinpoint, but people should be aware that this market has the potential to get there,' she said. 'In the past we had a freeze and the trees were healthy.
Share prices closed mixed in choppy trading on the London Stock Exchange Wednesday after an early surge evaporated in the wake of Wall Street's downturn.
Gainers outnumbered losers by nearly 2 to 1 in the early tally of New York Stock Exchange-listed issues, with 744 up, 425 down and 554 unchanged.
Late yesterday, the spread was unchanged.
It was that market that First Executive was trying to buy into.
Friends have described Moody as a loner.
The students from Seoul and other cities said they want to march to Pyongyang, the capital of communist North Korea, for an international youth festival July 1-8.
Stuart has collected $82,000 on an insurance policy from his wife's position as a lawyer.
A day earlier, their request focused on how long Miss Levin had to be choked to produce pinpoint hemorrhaging on her eyelids.
Pickering said Iraq repeatedly had lied about its intentions and demonstrated its "scorn" for the international community and disdain for international law.
Charles spends the days at his office-apartment at Buckingham Palace, often sleeping there, and rushes off to the polo grounds during country weekends, People said.
The Jordanian port of Aqaba is explicitly included in the "primary area of operation" in the Persian Gulf, Gulf of Oman, and the Red Sea announced by the Pentagon.
"He was 26 and looked upon by Don Regan as the most valuable human asset in that firm.
That way, the children might be given hearing aids before they begin having troubles learning speech and language.
Reached by telephone, the minister declined to comment on the lawsuit.
In the fiscal year, earnings jumped to $48.2 million, or $1.45 a share, from last year's $1.5 million, or five cents a share.
Industry experts also say erosion has occurred overseas, where U.S. companies are listed on foreign exchanges.
Rated single-A-3 by Moody's and single-A-minus by S&P, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc.
Door-to-door searches were reported.
Officers, directors and members of the McGill family hold about 21% of McGill's common shares outstanding, the company said.
Investors in the 111 West Washington Street Association Ltd. partnership had each put in $150,000 in principal and about $52,000 in interest for each unit.
But finally, no character seems strong enough to resolve the political and ethical ambiguities so tantalizingly raised.
The steady improvement of the balance sheet since the buy-out has allowed RJR Nabisco to shed its 'highly leveraged transaction' status, winning access to cheaper bank finance.
In fact, the man had been in prison for armed robbery.
Trost complained that sailors had not been properly taught to do their jobs, that supervisors lacked safety training and established safety procedures were not adequately followed.
The Bakkers have asked viewers to contribute $1 million for a defense fund.
There's quite a lot of feeling that the Black Watch and Argylls should have been disbanded - they're no Highlanders.'
It was part of a world tour that began in Moscow and ends Thanksgiving day in Moscow, Idaho.
He admits to lying to his own brother if he finds a good shoal, and it seems clear that the billing does not refer to him as a 'buccaneer' for nothing.
Underwriters at several firms attributed the success of the offering to the issue's high ratings of double-A by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-plus by Standard & Poor's Corp.
State officials have identified more than 50 beaches in the sound that need to be cleaned.
Later Mr. Chen arranged for the coins to be deposited at Republic's office in New York.
But those laws don't specifically apply to airlines, and suing, of course, is often expensive and time consuming.
"We make them fresh every day, handmade.
Mr. Bilzerian and an affiliated entity already own 446,000 shares, or 9.9% of the shares outstanding.
As it travels this somewhat dull route, William Cook's profits are likely to recover to Pounds 7m this year, or earnings of 22p, followed by Pounds 10m and 31.8p of earnings.
Benefits in kind must be listed separately from total income. Investment income.
He said 20 soldiers were wounded in the shootout.
For the year the company posted a net loss of $43.4 million on revenue of $7.43 billion.
The House Appropriations Committee has already trimmed back on promised increases in the budget resolution for health and education programs, and Mr. Byrd has signaled a desire to cut even further in the Senate.
In resorts where the groomed runs are at their most dangerous, skiing off-piste with a qualified guide can be a safer option.
Such instability leads to frequent challenges to union leadership.
But Allan MacEachen, Liberal leader in the Senate, said the Liberal senators decided that, for an issue of this importance, it was appropriate to await the response of Canadians in a national election.
The problem is the inability of the nation's medical community to get costs under control, and the willingness of public and private insurance systems to perpetuate the system.
W. Henson Moore, deputy secretary of the Department of Energy, agreed with McMillan that prices had been rising before the accident.
President Fidel Castro said President Bush must have approved a U.S. Coast Guard attack on a Cuban freighter suspected of drug-running, the official Cuban news agency reported.
Poulenc's generosity to younger colleagues is striking.
Equally, if you choose to run a 30-year-old MGB or even a Morris Minor instead of a modern car, you need to know one end of a spanner from the other if you are not to be faced with (a) unreliability and (b) ruinous garage bills.
Ireland has moved a step closer to abandoning its traditional policy of military neutrality by announcing that it is prepared to consider sending troops to help UN efforts in eastern Bosnia.
The conference seemed less divisive than had been anticipated, even though Gorbachev proposed ideas once vilified by the party's leadership: a free-market economy, ownership of private property and freedom of religion.
He said Shultz decided to make the trip Friday night after meeting his chief Mideast envoy, Philip Habib, who recently toured the area.
In an effort to reduce debt, Mesa also announced today the creation of a Hugoton Royalty Trust made up of Mesa's holdings in the Hugoton field in Kansas, the nation's largest natural gas field.
Feverish buying in the last two hours of trading on London's International Petroleum Exchange reversed a slide in the Brent blend crude.
When the coins come out of the ancient burnishing machine, they are as bright as the day they were minted.
The press dubbed it the "Takeaway Rembrandt."
"It depends on what happens.
He currently owns about 660,000 shares, or 5.5% of the common shares outstanding.
Denison holds a 36.7% voting stake in Roman, which has interests in packaging and printing.
The complaint also charges that in 1983, the defendants bought stock for less than fair market value in Telecom Plus's Triboro Communications Inc. unit.
It acknowledged one militiaman killed and one wounded and said the attackers captured three followers of Abu Nidal, whose real name is Sabry al-Banna.
Her husband, Dimitri, a 39-year-old mechanic, said he expected a big change in his life from the provisional government's promise to shorten the work week from six to five days.
We get high marks for clearing."
The Criminal Investigations Office has denied issuing any such a warning and the State Department has denied receiving any.
The 11-pound, full-term baby was less than five hours old when it was found dead in a plastic bag outside an apartment complex Wednesday.
Others attending were Presidents Kenan Evren of Turkey and Maumoun Abdul-Gayoum of the Maldives, Prime Minister Ezzeldin al-Laraki of Morocco and Foreign Ministers Mukhtar Bong of Gabon and Ibrahim Faal of Senegal.
It's expected, however, that the company, which has been hurt by a five-month-long United Steelworkers strike and a downturn in energy operations, will post a substantial loss.
Such partnerships, Olivetti executives say, fill important holes in their product range without ceding control of the company.
Later, during her concert, she thanked her fans for their support.
The arrests cut across ethnic, religious and party lines, but the detainees had at least one thing in common: They had opposed Dr. Mahathir and his cronies.
Unisys lost 1 3/8 to 20 1/4 on trading of six million shares.
Bill McAndrew, NBC's manager of news information, quoted the caller as saying it was the first of future attacks against Israeli targets.
A farm is defined as a place that sold agricultural products worth $1,000 or more in the previous year.
Armenian and Azerbaijani media have warned activists of "unpredictable consequences" if they carry out demonstrations or strikes.
Thomas M. McGrath has been named to the new post of chairman and chief executive officer of BEI Golembe Consulting, the company's primary consulting subsidiary.
And after that, there's always the laser disk, once the price of its hardware comes down.
'The more companies one can research first hand and get to know the better off one will be,' Mr Conzleman says.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration will soon hunt for pyramids.
Mr. Clemente, of course, is not without a personal interest in how the RTC handles the Potomac Crossing property.
The issue originally was targeted to sell at $13.50 to $14.50 a share, and was expected to involve only three million shares.
In the poll, 33% think the best way of forcing him out is to maintain economic sanctions, while 27% favor assassinating him.
Shearson also is continuing discussions with six other interested third parties, but Formica spokesman Robert Way would not comment Monday beyond the contents of the news release.
He also pushed regulations that would force hospitals and doctors to treat severely handicapped newborns even over the objections of their parents.
If the profession is not to be caught on the hop again, it should look forward to the changed needs for audit at, say, the turn of the century.
Officials on Wednesday abandoned hope of finding any more survivors of the earthquake and mudslide that inundated three mountain villages, and said this settlement would be dedicated as a common grave.
Three powerful bombs exploded in a fashionable district of Athens before dawn Thursday, and police said one person was slightly injured.
Pell announced that the committee will finish voting on all amendments by Tuesday afternoon next week and will then decide on the treaty itself.
But she has since arranged to work part-time.
He recalled the flower episode a few days ago, and briefly dwelt on its meaning in his life, and perhaps in the lives of would-be entrepreneurs.
The messages, in Arabic and English, were published by the leftist Beirut As-Safir newspaper as a paid advertisement, just a day after McCarthy started his fifth year as a hostage.
Their other targets include three North Carolina Democrats whose districts always produce squeakers.
'It's a crack that will lead to the dam's downfall,' says Mr Paul Heaton, retail analyst at brokers Baring Securities in Tokyo.
His critics consider it management by hubris; he considers it management according to high principle.
The Mercy also was being readied for deployment to the Mideast, naval spokesman Bob Bordon said.
Vladimir Zwass Professor and Editor in Chief Journal of Management Information Systems Fairleigh Dickinson University Teaneck, N.J.
Chevrolet added 3 more inches of shoulder room and 2 more inches of hip room.
Trade and Industry Secretary Paul Channon declined to specify how the Rolls shares will be divided between institutions and individuals.
Though Moslems throughout the world now know me by name, relatively few Moslems know what sort of person I am, and they could be willing to listen to me," he was quoted as saying.
"I could have invested in an office block but I shall get much more pleasure out of this," the former deputy chairman of the Conservative Party said Sunday.
"But when euphoria builds up, then you bring in a lot of non-traditional buyers, such as small investors and stock investors, and they will accept the low coupon rates.
In announcing its fall TV schedule today, CBS will be searching for a breakthrough hit to rebound from last place among the three major broadcast networks.
Like an asset sale, but unlike a tax, a user fee does not involve compulsion.
Some foreign government and business officials concede that they use higher markups in Japan.
A 1985 CBS poll reported similar results.
Iran and Iraq have agreed to a ceasefire in their war, and there are murmurings of peace in southern Africa.
All victims but one were thrown from the car.
Bond prices were mostly lower in early trading today, as the market took back some of Tuesday's strong gains amid sharply rising oil prices.
Such was the case with Margaret and Steven Gran, a Minneapolis-area couple.
Some 57% of the purchasing managers surveyed feel satisfied or optimistic about the next 12 months, up from a 39% satisfaction rating in December and from 48% last May.
Mr Blair has already made the elision between acceptance of a dynamic market economy and a role for government in creating the conditions for economic success and social stability.
The issue was priced to yield 11.44%, one percentage point above the comparable British government issue.
September platinum on the New York Mercantile Exchange edged down $3.50 an ounce to $592.30.
In another step, the company will combine the management of its domestic and international exploration activities.
Nader told his audience how to watch out for fraud in prosthetic devices, telephone solicitations, prepared food and pharmaceuticals.
Scheer, secretary-general of the French Foreign Ministry, arrived in Beirut from two days of talks with Syrian leaders in Damascus.
The $50 gadget, Game Genie, was kept off the market until this fall by legal challenges from Nintendo. Galoob expects to ship one million units into stores by Christmas.
Early today, Antigua was being swept by high winds and intermittent rain, but there were no reports of damage.
In "Marathon Man," a 1976 thriller with Laurence Olivier and Dustin Hoffman, a vicious Nazi (Olivier) risks going to the Jewish quarter in New York in search of diamonds.
They're high street general merchants,' Oberstein says.
"If they won't respect our designs, we won't respect theirs," an EC Commission official who asked not to be named, said.
A small percentage of the product is sold also in convenience and grocery stores.
Radical students staged peaceful anti-Olympic protests today at several colleges in Seoul.
The accord, which was expected, is considered a coup for Trump and will give Texas Air a needed cash infusion.
One reactor tentatively is scheduled to be restarted Dec. 31 but DOE officials have said they may push that date back.
The 150 billion yen fixed-coupon portion of Italy's Euroyen issue paid 5 3/4% at 101 1/8 to yield 5.44%.
"Something that will help me terminate this nightmare, I guess," he replied.
Chairman Morton E. David said the company has reduced inventories by almost 40% to $17.6 million, compared with a year earlier.
PORTUGAL yesterday announced an Es300bn (Pounds 1.4bn) package designed to support exports and help industry through the international recession, Peter Wise reports.
The White House said 11 American oil workers rounded up after the invasion had been brought to Baghdad, had talked with U.S. Embassy officials, and were in good shape.
Each network spends in excess of $750,000 a week on the Gulf crisis, and that could rise to $1 million should fighting break out.
The Supreme Court ruling Monday indirectly supported living wills by saying the Constitution guarantees a competent person a right to refuse medical treatment.
His other main point was that monetary policy needed support from wages and fiscal policy. The Bank of England cleared a Pounds 1.2bn money market shortage in its morning operations.
Rodolfo Biazon said an informant told the military the sabotage team would try to destroy fighter jets, fuel storage tanks and other equipment at the Basa air base, about 40 miles north of Manila.
Bank of Montreal had 82.1 million shares outstanding Dec. 31.
They seem sceptical but inclined to give him a chance.
It proposed a new set of annual media awards, for sensitive reporting or interpretation of racial matters.
It also was depressed because the Bank of England offered to lend money to discount houses Monday at above market rates, indicating that an interest-rate cut isn't imminent.
Mr. Traub, who is finishing an autobiography to be published in late 1993 by Random House, has taken office space in Manhattan.
It would not be an impossible catch to hold, but it would be hard.
"We didn't take part in a lot of deals" in the quarter "because their credit quality was poor," the spokesman said.
Since March 2, when 6,300 drivers and 3,000 maintenance and other workers walked out, the strike has been marred by vandalism and violence.
Midland, where I subsequently opened a business account, cannot provide me with documentation to operate that account.
His love interest is portrayed by Jane Marsh, who introduces herself to him as 'a struggling actress'.
He brought with him plenty of clear _ rather than colored _ plastic garbage bags.
As governor he first opposed, then came round to, Proposition Thirteen, the property tax-cutting initiative that swept the state in 1978.
Nor will American and European pressure on Israel to compromise its security in exchange for "guarantees" bring democracy to the Arab countries.
I'll guarantee that if President Bush listens to me, the number of fish he catches will shoot up like a rocket." Bush needs to "keep those Secret Service guys out of your way," her essay said.
He indicated that more female investigators should be assigned to the Orlando training center.
Vehicle repair worldwide generates annual sales of about Pounds 2bn. As manufacturers of vehicles, televisions sets, video recorders, and consumer durables 'went global' in the 1980s, their suppliers - paintmakers included - were forced to follow suit.
But for now, says VNU spokesman Loek Hieselaar, "We are looking for candidates which are on our scale."
Separately, Incstar said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan designed to help management obtain a fair price for all holders in the event of a takeover.
"Last time we did that was in the 1970s and early 1980s," says William Bourke, president and chief operating officer.
The IRA killed four soldiers with a similar bomb beneath a road on April 9. Attacks against police officers and soldiers are a trademark of the IRA and smaller groups fighting British rule.
In Oklahoma City, high winds destroyed a mobile home in the Sherwood Homes trailer park, said authorities, who could not confirm reports of a tornado.
As previously reported, Chapman and Troon agreed in March to a restructuring plan in which Troon lent $6.5 million to Chapman.
"We value the Review highly for many reasons, but above all for its 40-year tradition of journalistic enterprise, integrity and courage.
Accompanying Chung, 74, honorary chairman of the giant Hyundai group, will be two executives specializing in civil engineering and plant construction.
'On November 5 1990, George Bush signed the second-biggest tax increase in American history.
"Her reply, innocent, revolutionized my adolescent life," Annetta says. "She told me, `I pantaluna falli purtari e masculi e buttani."'
But he has won the most praise for his student loan default regulations, which educators say have shown the right combination of toughness and understanding of the soaring, multibillion-dollar default problem.
"Everybody was walking right by Coty," she said, patting his head. "Nobody wanted him _ they said he was too big.
Hope faded Friday that a "hover-barge" could be used to break ice to rescue the giant mammals.
They said new quality control procedures have been installed at the plant in Vergeze, including double filtration of the gas and more careful monitoring.
In addition, the company's work force is being reduced, although the official said exact reductions aren't available.
An estimated 19 House seats will move from northern and midwestern industrial states to the Sun Belt before 1992, and millions have been spent to maximize each party's strength in the state legislatures that will redraw the House district boundaries.
GERMANY should consider its neighbours' monetary problems when setting interest rates, Mr Michel Sapin, the French finance minister, said yesterday.
I quickly scanned the faces of three snoring men and of a grizzled old man who offered a cup filled with spit.
Thacher Brown will be president of the firm; he was in charge of it as a Drexel unit.
The offering has several unusual aspects.
It provides for negotiations on an overall settlement after five years of Palestinian autonomy.
Under the minimum option, students will be able to tell teachers they have read assigned pamphlets about health and physical exercise.
The clamour for legislative action, or for a change in court procedures for the collection of debt, is increasing. The administration of VAT.
"It's something that is going to be in Armenian memories forever," Odette Hambarsoomian, 28, said of the quake while waiting for Mass to begin at St. Mary's Armenian Apostolic Church in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendale.
"Tomorrow I will ask the National Assembly to release all these prisoners," Ortega said.
Moreover, steelmakers are finding the usually receptive Asian market saturated: Japanese steel buyers are beginning to have excess inventories and the construction boom there seems to be slowing.
Bargainers were gathering in the Capitol Sunday morning to try to nail down the final details of the agreement.
If the mass action campaign really bites, he believes that the market could well go lower.
I am like an overweight chocoholic trying to kick the habit whose friends keep bringing gift boxes of sinfully fattening hard and soft centres. My problem is fast cars.
To ensure passage of the bill, the administration has been negotiating its language with Congress before actually sending it to Capitol Hill.
But if the alliance has become less central to US policy, as is inevitable, then it must also become less central to European policy.
The ferry was the same type as the Herald of Free Enterprise which capsized off Zeebrugge in March 1987, with the loss of 189 lives.
Col. Higgins publicly during the day as a "symbol of courage," telephoned Mrs. Higgins to offer private condolences and tell her the United States is still seeking full details on her husband.
In a leveraged buy-out, a small group of investors acquires a company largely with debt financing.
"The Democrats basically extorted the president," said Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif. who joined Gingrich at his press conference.
One of the most widely discussed recent cases involves a major study in the New England Journal showing that Warner-Lambert's cholesterol-lowering drug, Lopid, helps prevent heart attacks.
The show includes: _ Two Andy Warhol screenprints of Reagan in Van Heusen shirt advertisements published during the president's acting days.
That compared with April's rise of 1.6% from the previous month and 3.9% from a year earlier.
But they have warned that trouble could develop in 1992 when cash payments start coming due on preferred stock and bonds which now are issuing additional securities as dividends.
But there is concern in the PT that the election will be over in the first round.
He pleaded guilty Nov. 21 to helping supplement former White House aide Oliver North's income by allowing business partner Richard Secord to pay for a security system at North's home.
In that period, UAL's stock has risen nearly 50%.
The polls also have most Britons citing soccer hooliganism and street crime to back their belief that the country has become more violent.
Meanwhile, about 500 university students marched today to police headquaters in Cape Town to protest the recent Johannesburg fighting.
Agency officials said they will meet with representatives of Martin Marietta Energy Systems Inc., which operates the reactors, to identify remedies.
An industry source added that McDonnell Douglas has scheduled a meeting for next week with its subcontractors to plot legislative strategy.
He said the psychiatric questions raised by the defense were worthy of review.
SmithKline Beecham shares rose 12p to 496p on New Year's Eve. The approval of Fisons' Tilade ends a long period of uncertainty for the company.
Last year, he was elected to the board of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, a major marketplace for foreign currency options.
Police said all they found was an old street sign.
That led futures traders to predict that Brazil would produce more soybeans for export, thereby boosting world supplies and lowering cash and futures market prices.
I've been able to be successful, and to do what I love.
WPP owns nearly 5% of JWT's about 10 million shares outstanding.
As a result, the U.S. government has been pushing for more access to private laboratories where the bulk of Japanese research takes place.
Mays has since joined the Twiggs in a lawsuit against Hardee Memorial Hospital.
The August debt rebound had been expected in part because of robust automobile sales propelled by end-of-model-year sales incentives and the threat of steep price increases for 1990 models.
It said Paisley's attorney, Barcella, declined to discuss his client's involvement in the project.
It proposes $171 million to fight infant mortality in 10 cities, and a 19% increase in immunization services to $258 million.
That's because utilities are big borrowers and their profits are enhanced by lower interest costs.
In a rundown West Texas bar called the Sundowner Recreational Club, dreams go down as easy as a cold bottle of Pearl Beer and are just as intoxicating.
The House by a 401-21 margin approved pollution controls late Wednesday on factories, automobiles and electric power plants.
With consumption well down mainly because of Russia's continuing and apparently indefinite absence from the market.
Balian has been charged specifically with two counts of violating Article 92 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for failing to heed a lawful order, Dillon said.
Mr. Fromstein said the companies he was talking to in London were concerns that Manpower had discussed acquiring in the past year or so.
We've got to do business with each other." Gov. Andrus and former Sen. McClure came to grief attempting to wrap up everything in one all-encompassing package.
The feared 'double dip' recession is thus a reality for much of corporate America.
But clearly, the Japanese have powerful reasons these days to want exchange rates simply to stay put.
Leftist militants last Tuesday fired a shotgun at a West German Finance Ministry official in Bonn, and authorities fear violence could erupt in the streets of West Berlin.
If sophistication was not a draw, there was Dennis the Menace and Uncle Art's Funland, in color.
"Participating in World Hello Day is a symbolic action, which celebrates the contributions made by personal communication to the resolution of conflicts and the preservation of peace," he said in a promotional flier.
They seemed to hear voices inaudible to the rest of us.
EPITOPE INC. said its shareholders approved a 3-for-1 stock split, payable at a date to be determined to stock of record March 24.
Avon denied the Waldron rumor.
In the six months to April, it took in Dollars 5bn in orders compared with Dollars 6.4bn in the whole of 1991 and only Dollars 2.8bn in 1988. It has admittedly been operating in a strong market during most of this period.
He is said by analysts to have considered bids for both Van Cleef and Tiffany, the New York-based jewellery group: but to have opted for the Paris-based business. Van Cleef was founded in 1906 and is still controlled by the founding Arpels family.
Chris, the son of a commercial pilot, first took the controls of a plane at age 4, and began flying with an instructor at 7.
"It seems like the dollar is still comfortable at this level even if the Fed eased by one notch," said Eishi Wakabayashi, head of foreign-exchange trading at Nippon Kangyo Kakumaru International Inc. in New York.
Such problems tend to set off chain reactions.
Unions at Romania's largest steel plant, in Galati, said Tuesday the strike had repercussions on the national economy, noting their plant only had enough coal and limestone for a few hours, Rompres said.
ABC's Nielsen listings put ABC and CBS in a tie with 12.8 each. It also counts the season from Oct. 24.
After the service, friends of the family remembered Rick as a happy, friendly man.
'The evidence is we have controlled it quite well.'
The electoral college forces presidential candidates to address the issues of great concern to each state, as well as overriding national issues.
Last Friday, Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev condemned past anti-religious repression and called for a more tolerate attitude toward religion.
"The population increase will gobble up all the economic gains each year unless it is put under strict control," the Xinhua news agency quoted Beijing Mayor Chen Xitong as saying.
Roy was instrumental in establishing the combined kindergarten and day-care program.
THE DOLLAR rallied yester-day in spite of a second day of co-ordinated intervention by European central banks.
He said arguments in favour of a trade sale were compelling.
Chrysler already owns about 11% of the Japanese auto maker and the two companies have numerous product ties, including the Diamond-Star assembly plant they jointly operate in Illinois.
A 63-year-old real estate agent who "always needs money" randomly picked numbers from the front page of a newspaper to beat the 14 million-to-1 odds for Florida's Lotto, winning a U.S. record $55 million.
Saudi imports of barley have surged from 4.9 million tons in 1984-85 to an estimated eight million tons in 1986-87.
"We didn't make any money this year, but there is a good possibility that we're going to make money in the mid- to late 90s," Ballew said.
Eyesight, as measured by traditional charts, may withstand the effects of disease longer.
Deputies blocked only northbound traffic on one street with their parked cars, leaving open a road from the east and west and another road southbound from Winston-Salem, Hodges and other witnesses said.
For instance, I said I didn't want my character to carry a gun.
The government's health control center reported 16,813 new cases of diarrhea Wednesday, bringing the total of known cases across the country to 119,822 since Aug. 27.
"Obviously, you can assume that he is not well," Slotnick said, but added that Goetz was in good spirits after the operation.
She will demonstrate how to make one from a rubber ball.
A Soviet trawler was warned away from the area as the unarmed missile was fired off Cape Canaveral at an undisclosed target in the Atlantic.
But there was no one to suggest anything more than hope; no new policy, no promise, no sign of movement.
Discovery will return to Earth with almost three miles of film shot with the IMAX camera.
Alvaro Diego Montoya had been abducted at gunpoint from his office Dec. 20 in Bogota.
A spokesman for Labatt said this will eliminate some duplication in marketing and sales activities that currently exists.
His condition is hopeless," said Yossi Fahima, an emergency service medic.
Ayres has 14 other stores in Indiana.
The 1986 Chevrolet Camaro topped a list of the nation's most-stolen vehicles, thanks in part to the interchangeability of its parts with other General Motors Corp. cars, an insurance valuation company said.
Continental Associates lifted its stake in Continental Materials Corp. to 13.1% as an investment.
I've never been satisfied with me.
U.N. chief Javier Perez de Cuellar arrived Thursday for talks with Iraq's foreign minister and said he was hopeful Iraq is ready to discuss ways to ease tension and solve the crisis caused by its invasion of Kuwait.
Now I want to resume my career as a professional musician," Hou, 33, said in a recent interview, just weeks after Chinese authorities placed him on a fishing boat bound for this offshore island.
Equities have not been providing the established brokers with a high life of late and the banks' subsidiaries would have had a hard time eking out a living on the stock market. But the tiny plot they have been allowed to cultivate has been a fertile one.
Once that's done, up to six million pieces of information a second can fly along the optical cable from relatively distant points.
The company has said that it will eliminate socalled deep well injection of hazardous waste by the year 2000.
As recently as Friday, 54 members said they would vote to confirm Judge Thomas.
The automakers have opposed any federal requirement for alternative fuel vehicles, arguing the sale of such cars should not be required by the government unless separate measures such as tax incentives also are offered to ensure a market for the vehicles.
The home computer has more memory and more power to figure taxes and keep bank records.
The book, titled "The Hutton Neighborhood Coloring Book," included such sayings as, "We're no longer the nicest house on the block."
Marketmakers cannot stimulate additional business at these levels; they can only execute naturally arising business.
Banca Serfin is Mexico's oldest bank. Its forerunner was the Bank of London and Mexico.
"I'm sure we'll be collecting a lot more," he added.
An art exhibit that appears to invite people to step on the American flag reopened on a limited basis today, and a judge later dismissed a lawsuit by veterans demanding that the banner be removed from the floor.
At this point, Sieck will poll the members of the launch team to determine if there are any problems.
He is the great-grandson of a German boatbuilder who came to Macquarie Harbour in the 1890s to build ships of the magnificent local Huon pine. Boat-building became one of the principal activities at Sarah Island.
"The real question is whether you want to be the only market" to oppose the plan, he said.
But the chancellor cannot have it both ways.
Locally, word-of-mouth endorsements have made advertising unnecessary.
What Mr. Buchanan has to say is pure red-white-and-blue American conservatism without any ifs, ands or buts to it.
They claimed that a 1790 law that forbids transfer of Indian lands without federal approval was violated in the 1870s when the state redistributed tribal lands to other island residents.
The author was a lecturer in philosophy at the London School of Economics before spending 14 years as an investment banker and is now running her own consultancy. Dr Sternberg has two theses.
Phil Donahue came to town to tape a segment about the movie "Roger & Me" and came away with enough praise and criticism to fill two shows.
Cray closed at $42.
Likewise, many cautious funds often conduct extra growth sorties into the ranks of medium-sized and smaller companies. Both factors can change a fund's risk and character considerably.
Today 100 of WordPerfect's 350 workers are in customer support.
Finance Minister Shimon Peres and Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin, leaders of the center-left Labor Party that shares power with Shamir's Likud, favor trading territory for peace, though not the creation of a Palestinian state.
He joined UNESCO in 1964 in Paris, moving in 1980 to its Asian headquarters in Bangkok where his team includes another architect, a civil engineer and a furniture designer.
He faces 41 counts of securities fraud, mail fraud and other crimes.
But the U.S. can't impose too severe curbs on these products because of their military importance.
To that end, he portrayed himself as a knife-throwing tap dancer from the Australian Outback.
Predictions for the coming year? _An earthquake will destroy vast parts of northern Mexico and southern California.
"To me, it's like gambling.
The explosion rattled windows blocks away.
The 10-month figure also surpassed the surplus of $3.13 billion in all of 1986.
Little Caesar, the pizza chain, jumped several places with an ad featuring a dog that barked, "I love you." Music stars Paula Abdul and Elton John helped get Diet Coke on the list.
After his federal appointment the next year, one of his first acts was to swear in his father as a U.S. citizen.
An agreement signed in September will establish a visiting professorship in Soviet law, with a several Soviet legal scholars occupying a chairman post, Emory President James T. Laney announced Thursday.
Many people recognize that Imre Pozsgay, a leading reformer in the Hungarian Communist Party, played an important role in dismantling the one-party system in that nation.
Bush vetoed the Indian Preference Act of 1990, which would have established a program to direct contracts and grants to Indian enterprises.
"Economic planners always make choices between efficiency and equity, and in the past whenever there were conflicts they maximized efficiency at the cost of equity," Mr. Koo says.
Law enforcers are nailing some of them, but most are elusive as smoke.
Gray also said he doubted the House would move to ban speaking fees and other honoraria _ a plan favored by Wright in return for the raise.
The bus, which crashed Wednesday night about 150 miles west of Belgrade, was hoisted from the water Thursday with three bodies still inside.
On the lighter side, "The Outsiders," a new drama series on what it was like to grow up in the '60s, gets a 90-minute premiere Sunday on the Fox network.
Weyerhaeuser Co. said Tuesday its third-quarter earnings rose 15 percent from a year ago but noted the earnings were affected by some corporate restructuring and a stock sale.
Then we'd run away, because they would whip us."
There were unconfirmed reports that a third coup leader, Maj. Gen.
"This should be done for the sake of our future, to avoid having a situation when infant mortality its twice that of any civilized country," Yeltsin said.
State Department spokeswoman Phyllis Oakley said extension of "consular privileges" to about 50 of the 250 employees in the procurement mission and a trade office would probably not be retroactive.
Record company hype says the new album showcases Trower's maturity as a _ gasp! _ songwriter.
In the West, temperatures were cooling somewhat.
Cauley's wife would not speak to reporters.
It is accepted that generous subsidy was for too long not matched by scrutiny.
Two-thirds of the 140-member parliament must have been elected before a session can be called.
The court also summarily rejected an appeal by James M. Woodward of Spring Valley, Calif., who sued in 1976 after he was released from active duty in the Navy because he is gay.
Sigmaform makes products for the electrical and telecommunications industries.
He was released in the early 1980s but subsequently was arrested in the United States on charges of rape and armed robbery, the DEA said without giving the outcome of those cases.
"I'm crazy about surveys anyway," he says.
To make sure enough people know about it, the company is running advertisements coast to coast in major legal publications such as the National Law Journal, the ABA Journal, Texas Lawyer and California Lawyer.
Thus, they said, if the employment report today shows weakness in the economy, the Fed could go a step further with more overt credit-easing measures.
Mr. Eizenstat and some congressional allies also made calls, and the tax break was eventually fully restored.
The loss was attributed mainly to the effects of a 19-day strike by ground crews.
The electrician was treated at a hospital but was not seriously injured.
Americans were cautioned not to travel to the areas.
The management of change, which these developments will make necessary, is a big task.
Revenue advanced to $1.54 billion from $1.47 billion.
The officials didn't estimate the number of people affected by the outage, but said an AT&T official reported that 221 ultra-high capacity communications lines went down.
First Security, a federally chartered mutual association with assets of $54 million, was the successor to a state-chartered association that was closed by state regulators and placed in the Bank Board's control in November.
The company makes and markets laundry, cleaning and personal care products, and food and beverage products.
The vessels may not fish in the zone without permission.
Mr. Riantiarno had raised the white flag after "Kecoa," vowing to stop work "until the time is right."
Now, Alan Greenspan, the Fed's chairman, is sounding warnings about the possibility that growth at too strong a pace could revive inflationary pressures.
The 1991 budget is expected to be approved by Congress this week.
Combining Poco and Voyager would create one of the top 12 Canadian oil and gas production concerns, analysts said, and one of the largest independent producers.
Six non-students were arrested for the crime as police moved quickly to satisfy student demands that the assailants be brought to justice.
The Public Health Service is thus recommending a different B strain, the Victoria flu, be included in next winter's vaccine.
That attack killed 10 people and wounded more than 30, and the rebels blamed it on the government.
Gerhard Pohl says East Germany will repeal recent laws that restrict foreign ownership in joint ventures to 49 percent, the Hamburg-based Bild newspaper reported today.
Ohle lives down the lane from the store, in his father's hilltop cabin overlooking Lake Charlevoix.
"I brought my family here after the riots because we couldn't live there anymore," Arzumanyan said, standing amid the ruined apartment he moved into only a month ago.
This investigation resulted in no indictments.
Security police today seized a second recording of a defiant sermon by Archbishop Desmond Tutu, and a pro-government newspaper said authorities should not be reluctant to prosecute him.
So many people have lost all their savings.
President Bush wants a reduction.
Also retained was Foreign Secretary Raul Manglapus, who was widely criticized for sloppy management of a department where former Marcos supporters hold key positions.
Kansas City Power dropped 7/8 to 31 1/2.
Friday's half-day investor presentation at the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre - organised by yet another well-connected public relations firm, Balfour Harley Associates - is a start.
"There isn't a future in the short term in a return of the ideas that inspired the party in the 1970s," he says.
The stock delivered the best individual performance in the Footsie, closing 29, or 8.6 per cent, higher at 365p.
Additionally she was sentenced to three 10-year terms for lacing with cyanide Extra-Strength Excedrin capsules found in the Nickell home and on the shelves of area stores.
Some analysts expressed surprise that Mr. Hayes wasn't the choice for chairman, citing his broad experience, more outgoing personality and greater external visibility.
Mrs. Mattar was quoted as saying she wants to divorce her husband, who is in jail for attempted murder, and marry Marak.
In addition, the lobbying muscle of AT&T and other phone companies has proven sufficient to stifle legislation aimed against them.
Mr. Schneider added, however, that sales would be down 5% without the acquisitions of Boschert Inc. and Tecnetics Inc., two electronics concerns.
Before joining the Pentagon in 1983, he was a staff member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and worked on President Reagan's national security transition team.
He said that when Faith Ryan Whittlesey arrived in early March 1983 to succeed Elizabeth Dole as director of the White House Office of Public Liaison, Whittlesey fired him and several other presidential advisers with short notice.
On the other hand, if he loses, he doesn't leave."
Home foreclosures, business bankruptcies and bank failures are all expected to continue at near-record levels.
The program reduced earnings by 23 cents a share for that period, but U S West recouped the money during the rest of the year through the resulting cost savings, the spokesman said.
Race had no statistical relevance as a factor in people reporting arthritis.
And many videos, despite their origin as record ads and movie trailers, can be just as artistic as the music, sometimes more so.
An identification system that was originally devised for sheep-tagging is being tested in airport baggage handling systems. Magellan Technology, an Australian company, has developed a radio frequency-based device that recognises encoded tags.
It is only New York's performance, against a background of slow growth, trade squabbles and start-ling political disillusion, which is now arousing fears of a new bubble, which could burst as it did in 1987.
Collins, a Republican, represented the 3rd Congressional District in affluent north Dallas from 1968 until he lost a bid for the U.S. Senate in 1982.
The appeal dates back to July 1905.
Our cooperation with the United States in law enforcement is based on our bilateral assistance treaty from 1973 and on our federal act on mutual assistance in criminal matters from 1981.
The couple were married in 1962, the year "The Graduate" was published and a year after his graduation from Williams College. Webb, son of a California doctor, epoused odd views even back in college, Davis said.
Trumka said both unions would continue to work together, especially on negotiations with employers that the two unions have in common.
"I press with my thumb until my nail turns a little white, that much pressure.
"I don't think lack of candor has been my problem," the outspoken Bennett told the hearing, drawing laughter from the audience.
Books she wrote about her exploits include "I Fly as I Please," "How to Navigate Today" and "Who Called that Lady a Skipper." She died at Alta Bates Hospital in Berkeley.
Long gone is the late Mayor Richard J. Daley, a boss of the old school, who used concentrated political muscle to run Chicago for 21 years before his death in 1976.
China's Statistics Bureau estimated that retail sales last year totaled 582 billion yuan ($156.4 billion), an increase of 17.6% from 1986, or 9.6% after adjustment for inflation, the China Daily reported yesterday.
Some citizens booed police when elderly farmers hurled their bodies against shields.
But we are still fellow human beings.
There is ABS (anti-lock braking), though the same unreconstructed Ferrari buyer can deactivate it at the flick of a switch. The gear change has been smoothed.
Maybe "Alive From Off Center" isn't for everybody.
Occidental has in the past denied plans to sell its meatpacking operations, but has said it received and rejected unsolicited offers of more than $1 billion for IBP.
All 50 governors will convene in late February to put on the finishing touches.
"Music is not to make a living," he said. "Music is to help the conditioning of life.
Ms. Jepson writes frequently about music.
If competition were functioning effectively, one would expect price-cutting to reduce fees. There are two reasons why this does not happen.
The northwestern region has been drenched since annual monsoon rains began in July.
They said that 21 of them suffered from gunshot wounds and the rest were wounded by rubber-coated metal pellets.
Bush, after leading strongly in public opinion polls in New Hampshire, saw his advantage melt away after he finished third in the Iowa caucuses Feb. 8, beaten by Dole and former television evangelist Pat Robertson.
A pre-tax profit of between Pounds 11m and Pounds 11.5m (Pounds 11.9m) gives a prospective p/e of nearly 17 on yesterday's close of 200p.
Manufacturing was more capital-intensive than the service sector, he said.
Just two days earlier, he had confidently signed an order placing all armed forces on alert.
As in "The Red Line," the composer incorporates a cynical, Brechtian pop-music ballad; a fair amount of spoken, or nearspoken, dialogue; and poignant moments of lyricism amid the general moral and musical chaos.
Also included was a $41.7 million tax credit under a special rule attached to last year's tax law.
Edmund G. "Jerry" Brown Jr. was secretary of state from 1971 through 1974, governor from 1975 through 1982 and currently is chairman of the California Democratic Party.
The IRS says that at least $1.6 billion a year in tax revenue has been lost nationally; it estimates that 38% of employers misclassify workers as contractors, avoiding unemployment, workers' compensation and Social Security taxes.
Heileman's beer sales have declined 26% to 12,250,000 barrels in 1990 from 16,600,000 barrels in 1987.
It cost $1.6030 to buy one pound, compared with $1.5895 late Monday.
"It's not a good life for the cats here, what with the forklift trucks running by all the time and the noise," he admits.
Many obstacles could alter the ambitious forecasts for faxes, of course.
They'd like us to help the Soviets pay their interest.
Still, others are concerned that the risks have grown.
His own advice to the older set was to "keep on doing what you're doing," but maybe at a slower pace.
Time Warner also is negotiating with Toshiba Corp. and C. Itoh & Co. about a potential investment of $1 billion in Time Warner for a stake in a new entertainment subsidiary containing the movie, cable and TV production businesses.
Worries that the Air France strike would spill over into other areas of the public sector were compounded by growing doubts over the leadership of Mr Edouard Balladur, the Conservative prime minister.
It's available to anyone who wants to be a peacemaker.' Step up, President Clinton.
The decision to disband the militia came just three days before the 33rd anniversary of the 1956 revolt, which was crushed by Soviet tanks.
When President Bush selected Cheney to become defense secretary, Cheney asked Williams to accompany him to the Pentagon as a top aide.
Allegations that Norway had an unwitting role in producing nuclear weaponry proved embarrassing for a nation known as the distributor of the Nobel Peace Prize.
The vessels were to return at daylight.
Japanese investors still prefer their decisions to be made by a human being, according to Takeshima.
The girl's parents are boring and normal, so she's a rebel.
Minnesota Attorney General Hubert H. Humphrey III said his office also is investigating the campaign.
"The new government will act under the pressure that at any moment the construction of democracy that only just started can collapse under the economic crisis," he said.
Almost 50,000 Moslems live in the Old City, along with 7,000 Christians and approximately 4,000 Jews.
The British escapees told London's Daily Mail newspaper that they had spent 25 hours in rough seas after taking the 10-foot boat through the marshes of southern Iraq, into the Shatt-al-Arab waterway and then the gulf.
Nakasone, now 67, is shown as burly, with round eyes and a uncharacteristic full head of hair.
Gephardt spokesman Mark Johnson said the Senate's action represented "nothing new" in the trade debate.
The company said they are designed to be used in the "real-time" computing market for such jobs as signal processing for government security agencies and simulating the performance of auto en gines and other products.
One analyst said he would not be surprised to see another money center bank cut its dividend by year's end and two or three do so next year.
'We have the resources on tap, they get the career opportunities,' says Mr Gunn. Athesa's sister company, the People Plus head-hunters, are part of the partnership.
This would make many large blocks of stock illiquid.
Losses per share came to 15.7p (45.11p). The annual meeting will be asked to approve a change in the company's name to Eclipse Blinds.
Boarding schools are finding life particularly tough going, with boarding numbers down 10 per cent in the last three years alone. Significantly, more than 60 per cent of Westminster's pupils are now day only.
Medical care costs have risen 9% over the 12 months ended in June, faster than any other category in the index.
Ford President Harold Poling earned $4.1 million, including $2.6 million in salary and other compensation and $1.5 million from exercised stock options.
The new standard would affect 512,000 workers in a variety of industries, according to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
"If he can't get a more defined message in 1992 than he did this year, he's going to have a problem," Mason added.
As influential as he is heading one of the House's most prestigious committees, he still regrets turning down the job of Democratic whip in 1981; that post then went to Rep. Thomas Foley of Washington, who since has risen to speaker.
Mr. Stanley's efforts made him popular within the Reagan administration, particularly among "privatization buffs," but drew the ire of state and local officials.
The storm was expected to track across Minnesota and Wisconsin.
About a quarter of the voters said the poor and elderly were a key issue to them, and Jackson won that group, 52 percent to 44 percent for Dukakis.
They believe that Ceausescu's energy and food rationing should be just a bad memory, banished with the toppling and execution of the Stalinist dictator and his wife, and the plans to create a Western-style democracy.
The issue is to be underwritten by AIB Capital Markets and JO Hambro Magan.
A socialist city administration was loathe to be tough on them.
Ironically, he has done so at a time when public opinion appears to have shifted in favor of liberalization.
'The margins are so big.
The appeals court ruling applies to recipients in Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah and Wyoming.
The security policy spokesman for the Free Democrats, Olaf Feldmann, called for tightening of export laws in light of the developments.
Since then, the 4-foot Grunt and his girth have appeared in newspapers and on television, prompting about 300 calls from Californians wanting to give the 3-year-old porker a home.
There was a fairly interesting editorial in the London Sunday Telegraph last week on the subject of crime and punishment, an Anglo-Saxon obsession these days.
Sixteen years after his father walked out, Snyder quit a lucrative job as a Madison Avenue headhunter and left his own wife and two sons to subsist on welfare and food stamps.
The series, starring Blair Brown, was canceled last year by NBC, but picked up by the cable channel for 13 new episodes that began airing in April. The 26 newest episodes will begin appearing in early 1990.
Told that there wasn't enough fuel, they demanded Cairo, then Beirut.
If you think you'll be busy in June, consider Peter Parker's calendar.
Asked about the Contras, whose surreptitious receipt of millions of dollars from U.S. secret arms sales to Iran rocked the Reagan administration, Bush explicitly supported a resumption of aid.
The ranch has emerged as one of southern California's worst cases of animal neglect since humane officers in 1975 discovered 100 horses starving on breeder Rex C. Ellsworth's ranch in Chino.
The program has developed a loyal following.
Baltimore Museum of Art: "Roland Freeman: The Arabbers of Baltimore."
And the company, once cash-rich, now conserves every penny.
Apollo is based in Chelmsford, Mass.
The U.S. official doubted this would be sufficient to conclude a strategic-arms treaty before the end of the Reagan administration.
The bill would provide $3 million in each of three years for research into aquaculture, or fish farming.
Last May, Bush offered a sweeping plan to reduce those weapons and set a one-year deadline for negotiating a treaty.
The 12-nation EC has become increasingly critical of the number of Japanese vehicles exported to Europe.
Analysts said Southam's announcement represents a major change in its corporate strategy on Selkirk; last fall Southam refused an offer for its stake from Toronto-based Rogers Communications Inc., a cable television and cellular telephone company.
The nominees were chosen after a number of other candidates turned down offers or withdrew their names.
My shot at glory costs $125.
It is present at these Olympics as a demonstration sport, whose medals don't figure in any official reckonings.
"I think most kids like fruit.
About six in 10 of the new computers will be sold outside the United States.
The nuclear facility or activity involved.
The theory is familiar to anyone who uses an ordinary cordless phone at home: A portable handset communicates, via radio signals, with a small base station that's wired into the regular phone network.
The indictments name 22 people, including reputed Genovese figures, construction company executives and union officials.
A spark is needed to ignite methane, said Denning, and "there would be an abundance of potential spark sources" in the bank. "Sometimes all it takes is a light switch," he said.
He was thrown at least 10 feet by the impact, they said.
The researchers focused the radiation on the spleen and lymph glands in the neck, under the armpits, in the chest and abdomen and above the groin.
The Titanic sank swiftly and 1,500 people perished.
The Tupac Amaru guerrillas startled Peru in November 1987 when Polay led 100 well-armed rebels in a monthlong series of raids near Tarapoto, a jungle city 435 miles northeast of Lima.
Delvalle, in a videotape released to Cable News Network Thursday, said he would continue to fight to oust Noriega, who he tried to fire the day before he himself was removed.
We did not find proof and Mr. Morris does not offer it.
The Army is investigating allegations that a prisoner was shot to death during the U.S. invasion of Panama, according to a military journal.
Holding enough votes this time to override a veto, Democrats are forcing a second election-year showdown with President Reagan over giving workers advance notice of plant closings and large layoffs.
According to the filing, Service Corp. bought the stock of Capital Southwest, a Dallas-based venture capital concern, for investment purposes.
Any such agreement between the airlines and airport operators could be written into the congressional legislation reauthorizing the aviation trust fund.
One British manager who has worked closely with him said: 'He can touch the high spots, but he can fall from grace.
For example, under current rules if you get a notice that, congratulations, your land has been designated a "wetland," it's a disaster.
It can carry loads of 6,000 pounds at speeds of 165 mph.
Police were unsure which of Peru's two guerrilla groups carried out the attack.
Meanwhile, the House Appropriations Committee approved $9 million as part of a Bush administration request to support the February elections in Nicaragua.
The banker said he thinks the Brazilians are trying to put pressure on the governments to do more to help Brazil's economy recover, although he added the move also is designed to conserve cash.
The bill gained approval in a 175-15 vote after deputies argued that to delay its passage might lead more republics to copy Lithuania's March 11 declaration of independence.
Should we both be involved in an accident - an air crash - and were both found dead, would one be presumed to have died before the other?
And with Russia's political situation remaining so volatile, irrespective of the 'fantasy land' economics, these seem to be risks that most international mining companies would prefer not to take.
"Barbie likes to shop.
But the survival of the "union" also is in doubt.
Separately, the Federal Reserve Board said that manufacturing output was unchanged last month, as the overall output of the nation's factories, mines and utilities rose just 0.2%.
Those changes are relatively easy. "The more complicated issue is how to deal with the drivers," Boffa said.
Friday's battle began when about 1,000 riot police, backed by armored vans with multiple tear gas launchers, stormed the campus to stop a rally acy.
Their anger is now mostly directed against Mr Franz Loschnak, the interior minister and a key aide to Mr Vranitzky. Opposition has also been voiced by business and industry, which has come to depend on cheap foreign labour.
The coalition, facing parliamentary elections next March, decided not to propose a reduction in jobless benefits and the ending of tax deductibility of union dues.
Mr. Radway is a New York-based international management consultant.
He complained most bitterly about what he called U.S. efforts to block the debt rescheduling.
In the Milan stock market, rumors are rife that he is buying Olivetti shares.
Here we're not into all that shadow of the yardarm stuff,' he laughed.
It would have cost us a lot of money." In South Carolina, the executive director of the state Hotel and Motel Association said she feared that restrictions on public venues selling liquor on Sundays would lead to an increase in drunken driving.
Rather, they are the result of a growing consensus that mediation works and should be improved in order to ensure it works even better.
The difference is that comparatively affluent Hungary, with 20 years experience in tinkering with socialism, is the communist country best prepared to take the free-market plunge.
The company has been adding to its apparel business, with a line of jeans and plans for a line of watches.
"The myth of Schultz is what I deal with," Doctorow said, "but he does really get involved with him in not a casual way.
Report does not include SUBSOIL MOISTURE.
Many are denied access to lawyers and are subject to physical and mental torture, it said.
"I didn't even read the whole script before I said, `I have to go,"' he recalls.
The Justice Department, which reviewed the report to determine whether Demery violated HUD's standards of conduct, said last month it would not prosecute him.
The Whitney plans a spring retrospective of Warhol films.
Water rationing has deepened awareness that the state's natural water supplies no longer can keep pace.
The big hole in Bush's national security lineup is the defense secretary.
Another try may be made Monday.
The ACLU states that its leaders "make their best efforts to stand on, and for, the constitutional principles our Founding Fathers intended for our nation."
Hawaii's governor is expected to sign a bill that would ban the sale of CFC cartridges for recharging car air conditioners.
The company said Kaiser seeks to concentrate its efforts in the California market, where it is the largest cement producer.
But Solidarity is wary of sharing power with the communists and taking the fall for continuing economic and political problems, said Bugajski.
County commissioners had removed the 53-year-old sheriff from his separate job as head of the corrections department two weeks ago after learning he was under investigation by the attorney general's office and a special prosecutor.
Ocilla, an Ocilla, Ga., maker of manufactured housing, declined to comment.
Many apparel retailers have seen their fourth-quarter profits tumble because they were forced to slash prices in the face of sluggish sales.
The United States in 1985 had five divorces and 10.2 marriages per 1,000 people.
Swiss watchmakers said mechanical watches were making a comeback among wealthy consumers, although quartz brands outnumbered them by nearly 5-1 last year.
Aoun and Hoss have issued contradictory directives to civil servants since last Thursday.
Banks reopened, a trickle of mail was delivered and trash collection resumed in this hurricane-battered city Monday, but a cold downpour hindered efforts to restore power and worsened damage to roofless homes.
"We're not having any problem with drinking water on either side right now," said David Mancuso of the Jefferson water system.
The first lady returned to the U.S. ambassador's residence, Winfield House, to meet with Prince Charles, who flew back to London from a series of public engagements in Lancashire.
Balaguer, 83 and blind, took the oath of office from Supreme Court President Nestor Contin Aybar in the Assembly chamber of the National Congress.
"There has never been in our country's history this degree of community sharing," Riley said. "You can bet your bottom dollar that the next city that has a disaster, Charleston will be represented" in giving aid.
Even more important, the Democrats, especially a newcomer like Gov. Dukakis, need to reassure voters about their resolve on foreign policy.
Two years ago, Mr. Leber snagged exclusive rights to promote the Moscow Circus in North America.
The strength of the D-Mark has merely deferred the problem.
War clarifies: What oft was thought but ne'er expressed gets expressed now.
Auchinleck, whom he liked and admired.
Mrs. Everett said she wouldn't sell any of her stock, which includes an 8.5% position in Hollywood Park Operating and 13.2% of Hollywood Park Realty.
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has approved the final phase of the project, which will allow National Fuel to transport an additional 161.5 million cubic feet of gas from Canada per day.
Underlying yesterday's rally was a fundamental conviction that the economy is turning up, said Peter Canelo, chief strategist at County NatWest.
Never by this generation," Nader said. "This group represents the power structure.
We've redirected them from being a slave to the machine to making the machine a slave to them,' says Jones.
But they are divided, in some cases more hostile to each other than to the governing National Liberation Front.
They might, in fact, encounter "abdicators" rather than "delegators," men like Gen.
Trading volume was light, partly reflecting uneasiness about a government report to be released Wednesday on the economy's growth in the second quarter.
Canadian Pacific, a transportation and industrial holding company, said it would own about 79.7% of the merged company.
'Publishers' Disease is the book you think ought to be published.
Among the precision instrument makers, Canon fell from a high of 1,550 to close at 1,480, down 50.
The Lions Club sells white squirrel T-shirts and pins to raise money to buy redwood boxes that are placed in trees as homes for the squirrels.
Quayle has said he is and was then, at age 22, a supporter of U.S. involvement in the war.
Reagan merely "exhibited some of the frustration that some of the rest of us have that you can't do anything to make it rain," Lyng said.
An earlier report by the bureau showed that employment costs in private industry rose 3.3% last year after a 3.2% gain in 1986; the increase in these costs had been shrinking each year since 1981, when they rose 9.8%.
The petition is designed to prevent this issue from slowing the merger.
Now both are entering larger, random trials where each will be pitted against placebos, or dummy drugs, and judged by doctors without knowledge of who's getting what.
Analysts estimated MCI's ratio of debt to total capital will rise to about 70% from 65%.
The Seattle project is reputed to be a $500,000 venture.
He first was elected mayor in 1978.
There is no question of the full amount of VAT not being refunded in appropriate cases.
Many Europeans do not think so.
In addition, the company said Lou Miceli, vice president and chief financial officer, was elected a director and that Russell Carson and Joseph Manganello had resigned from the board.
It has stood empty since a 7.1-magnitude earthquake shook northern California six months ago, killing 68 people, cracking concrete columns supporting the waterfront roadway.
The rebels withdrew after a brief firefight.
Stihl argued that it itself would be at a competitive disadvantage if denied zone status.
Also, an administration official said, Baker wrote a letter to the European Community supporting Turkey's application for membership in the 12-nation European Community.
But, she adds, too often the child becomes "a secondary consideration" for parents unwilling to care for kids full time or to bear the full financial burden.
The Census Bureau reckons that the typical household's net worth didn't change significantly between 1984 and 1988.
Needham has introduced Cajun Beer, a brew that combines the tastes of cayenne pepper, cane sugar and beer.
Such cases are relatively infrequent, since the news media generally honor promises of confidentiality.
Foreign investment in Korea is subject to approval by the Finance Ministry.
He said that the company "is aggressively working" on expanding its product line by developing reel-type slot machines.
The Syrian announcement gave no hint about what will be on Assad's agenda in Moscow.
These bonuses are doubled if the hotel reaches 100% of its operating goals.
That was always a debatable choice.
The DJIA also has underperformed the broader Dow Jones Equity Index, which is composed of nearly 700 issues.
They persuaded him to surreptitiously tape his future talks with board members to expose what was going on.
And should they be granted amnesty, it can almost be guaranteed the cartel would soon again be dealing drugs with impunity.
Predictions of growth have risen from near 3 per cent at the end of 1993 to between 4 per cent and 5 per cent.
All charges against Messrs.
Last year, it sold 50% of Smith Corona to the public at 21; Friday the stock was at 4 1/2. And Hanson bought Newmont at lower prices, so it would show a nice profit on the stock sale.
More than 1,000 angry Cypriot soccer fans besieged the winning Scottish team after a World Cup qualifying match, stoning the Scots' locker room and injuring nine people, police said.
Fines were possible, too, if the vehicle is found unsuitable for transporting laborers.
"I certainly never controlled the president's actions," she said. "Mrs.
He also said that VAMO was owned by Mrs. Paisley, and that Mr. Galvin had served as an agent simply to register the company under Virginia law.
A frequent visitor to the United States, Chirac hitchiked around America as a youth, working for a time as a fountain clerk at a Howard Johnson restaurant.
Federal regulators said then that the thrift's capital would have to be replaced.
Sulfur dioxide and other emissions turn into acids high in the atmosphere and can fall as acid rain, fog or snow up to several hundreds of miles downwind.
At the same time the company 'perceived a requirement for large investment cast components for the industrial gas turbine which would substitute for forgings and fabrications'. The market analysis went further.
A special constitutional clause bars any new govermment from ousting Pinochet from the army command for eight years.
When Lenin watched a similar revolutionary process, he said, `You know, this chaos will crystallize a new form of life.'
However, it is precisely the lack of a traffic stop that makes the system illegal, its critics argue.
French government sources in Paris said Wednesday that the aid will not be renewed until Denard leaves the islands.
In Savannah, he shakes Ms. Atiba's hand in the doorway of her Frazier Homes housing project apartment and asks the mother of four to vote for the Massachusetts governor.
However, the shares later recovered to end only 2 lower at 199p after buying was reported at S G Warburg. A cut in mortgage interest rates lifted P & O, whose Bovis subsidiary is a leading UK housebuilder.
Deer Valley is much prettier, with a preponderence of evergreens and far fewer aspens.
The auto industry has been weak for several months, and analysts don't expect much improvement during the latest reporting period.
Amoco said Mr. Allard's stock purchases "should have been avoided" and it said the company had taken "appropriate action," but didn't elaborate.
The maker of office automation equipment said group sales edged up to 7.375 trillion lire ($5.92 billion) from 7.317 trillion lire.
He said he was angry at his mother-in-law for not telling him about the child's parentage and angry at his supervisor because he thought the man tried to have him fired.
Union leadership also misjudged the impact of the cash flow provided by the replacement games.
"We knew when we announced our prices last May, we'd have to evaluate our situation in about a year," said Dave Illingworth, vice president and general manager of the Lexus division.
A poker-game ends in a brawl and one of the players, a Swede, is killed.
Smaller companies, such as Midway Airlines, said they are planning to do the same.
The extra buck contributed to earnings growth.
U.S. efforts to promote negotiations went into a tailspin in March with the collapse of the Israeli government over Baker's formula for the negotiations.
A police officer ran onto the field and asked the referee to halt the game.
Median prices in the Midwest were $71,700, a 5.9 percent gain over the same quarter of 1988.
Rent a video of "Three Men and a Baby" in Midland, Texas, these days, and you'll find a commercial for Raindance Car Wash, Midland's local scrub shop where you can get your car cleaned for $6.95.
He liked to regale associates with stories about his high living and success as a Hollywood film producer who owned a $1 million house on Long Island where he lived with his wife and five young children.
Peru, apparently abandoning plans to extract significant concessions from the International Monetary Fund, is expected to sign today in Washington an IMF letter of intent to frame economic policy until 1995, Sally Bowen writes from Lima.
Traders also attributed the market's advance yesterday to widespread rumors that the Federal Reserve was buying long-term bonds yesterday in an effort to bring down long-term interest rates.
A jury in 1989 divided blame for the crash equally between the United States and the pilot of the small plane.
Mr. Shaw said he was anxious to move to North Carolina to spend more time with his family, and also to enjoy a somewhat less stressful life, partly in view of some past health concerns.
Mr. Eralp says he doesn't think the Class E shares can sink much lower.
The FAA already has issued orders to ensure that Boeing 747 cargo doors are secure and more thoroughly inspected after each closing.
The NYSE's composite index of all its listed common stocks was off 0.06 to 171.20.
The spokesman for the Palestine Liberation Army, the regular military wing of the Palestine Liberation Organization, said office director Samir Khatib suffered facial bruises, but was in good condition.
It now proposes turning the dispute over to a court-appointed mediator.
In recent years, Occidental instead has issued stock and bought companies, frets one speculator.
Visitors are urged to spray themselves generously.
The issue will trade interchangeably with an existing 200 million ECU issue of bonds from the payment date.
The state news agency PAP said strikes ended Thursday at three other shafts _ the Krupinski, ZMP and First of May.
It will probably take a week to print a replacement.
Federal pension insurance, the agency argues, wasn't intended to "subsidize an employer's ongoing retirement program."
Khovik Vasilyan, an Armenian activist, said the strike call had no obvious effect in Yerevan today.
This time around, Tektronix, which is best known for selling electronic instruments and testing devices, chose to follow the same general design standards that Apollo and Sun have established and to add snazzier graphics capabilities.
After the spinoff, RLC will retain its truck rental and leasing business, which has been the faster growing and more profitable part of the company.
At the end the THA was not doing much good.
Banca Commerciale's majority owner is an Italian government agency, Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale, that owns other banks and industrial companies.
"We are cooperating with the Navy to keep this as small a black eye as we can," said William Bitner, of the Immigration and Naturalization Service's Norfolk office.
In January, the Agriculture Department expected to pay about $11.4 billion in subsidies, or "deficiency payments," to farmers in fiscal 1988, and about $11 billion in fiscal 1989.
The Episcopal diocese of Massachusetts elected a woman as bishop, the Rev. Barbara C. Harris, and if the choice is affirmed by other dioceses, she would become the first woman bishop in the worldwide Anglican Communion.
Antonio de Castro Mayer, bishop of Campos in Brazil, assisted at the rites and also faced automatic excommunication.
Cigarette pollution is fouling the air.
Although Los Angeles police acted as technical advisers on the film, several law-enforcement officials who attended a pre-release screening last month denounced the final product.
Deputy Rickey Ross, 40, a narcotics investigator who has been with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department for 18 years, was spotted at 1:30 a.m. Thursday by police officers patrolling South Central Los Angeles, Gates said.
It organised the recent protests and wants to scrap the European reforms entirely and raise prices.
The miners were part of a predominately Indian labor force that works the gold-bearing jungle rivers.
The most controversial lobbying effort by Wright was the pressure he put on federal regulators to go easy on Texas thrift institutions that were failing due to a weak economy.
Also Wednesday, about 2,000 journalists across Bangladesh went on a 16-hour strike to protest a government ban on a daily newspaper that supported anti-government strikes, the journalists' union said.
To some, it looks like the start of an appropriately polite revolution.
Instead of a flat 10% penalty on the amount due, a new law substitutes penalties ranging from 2% to 10%, depending on how late the payment is made.
Contemporary composers are constantly anxious to do more with less: the Uitti style expands the range of the cello into untested possibilities.
"Rarely has the international community been so united and determined that aggression should not succeed," U.S. Secretary of State James A. Baker III told the council.
"Smoking is a good example," said McGinnis, a deputy assistant secretary for health based in Washington, D.C. "It's accountable for 390,000 deaths a year.
It was believed to be the first time the church of the Holy Sepulcher closed its doors in 800 years.
The missiles can shoot down aircraft.
The TOWs for Israel were to replenish that nation's supply for its prior transfer of TOWs to Iran.
I have kept the faith." Caperton will appoint a temporary successor to Manchin, and voters in the 1990 general election will select someone to fill the remaining two years of Manchin's term, Secretary of State Ken Hechler said.
But a critic predicted the pad will never be used because Congress will refuse to pay for the costly military communications and surveillance satellites meant to be launched on Titan 4-Centaurs.
"On the other hand, there is always that fear" of military airplane crashes.
This is the commercial version.
The forecast caused some analysts to lower their 1990 earnings estimates for the company, although they said they still believed in its long-term growth potential.
Defense Secretary Richard Cheney has been arguing this theme persuasively within NATO councils.
On St. Thomas the beach was already occupied by a few thousand sailors from the U.S. aircraft carrier Enterprise enjoying their first shore leave in six months.
As head of the agency, Mr. Rohwedder was a magnet for criticism from all sides.
More than 11,000 people have been killed since then.
He also contended his message has become part of the political mainstream.
It pitted Jewish settlers against the army after leaks from the military investigation said 15-year-old Tirza Porat was killed with the guard's gun.
Authorities said the farm had a helicopter launching pad used for drug trafficking.
Mr. Siegel had become awed by the vast wealth he saw Mr. Boesky amassing.
Marcus Eliason, London news editor for The Associated Press since 1988, has been named the AP's bureau chief in Jerusalem.
The latest push to help veterans and troops comes at a time when the costs of existing obligations to veterans of World War II, Korea, Vietnam and the peacetime era are causing widespread concern.
"Plainly stated, EAL's management has lost control of the enterprise," the shareholders committee said in papers filed Tuesday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here.
The French government is eager to use CGCT to introduce foreign-designed switching equipment into France.
Basically, the Justy's transmission operates through a pair of pulleys and a metal belt that smoothly transfers power from one pulley to another.
The World Bank loans will be at variable lending rates, while the IDA credits will be interest-free except for administrative fees.
Du Pont, which is more diversified, is expected to earn from about 35 cents a share to 55 cents a share, before charges.
We are entering an 18-month period of risk.
Mrs. Brundtland said the elements of a compromise should include a "linkage" between non-nuclear and nulcear weapons. "We have to be very clear in our requirements to the Soviets on reducing conventional arms," she said.
If Regulators Answer The President's Call President Bush's State of the Union called for a 90-day moratorium on new federal regulations.
State officials were to arrive Monday to examine the shipwreck, but until then, representatives of the Horry County Historical Society and the Myrtle Beach Police reburied their finds.
Laptiev disputed Western news reports that suggested Ayrikyan was summarily expelled against his wishes, but conceded the activist was stripped of Soviet citizenship in the same action that dropped charges against him.
The Canadian Museum of Civilization opens Thursday on the banks of the Ottawa River, giving Canada an extravagant combination of high-tech and culture aimed at luring more visitors to the national capital.
Yields on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.37 percent as the discount rose 2 basis points to 7.16 percent.
Of this, Pounds 116m was accrued interest. Net receipts amounted to Pounds 95m while total gross sales were Pounds 719m.
Some associates say privately he was driven to the table partly by friction then with the cable-operator directors.
The government should give special help to workers who lost their jobs because of policies on clean air, protecting the spotted owl and cutting defense, lawmakers said today.
Thatcher does especially well among women and Republicans, Gorbachev among men.
The typewritten statement from Islamic Jihad was delivered to the Beirut office of the Reuters news agency along with a black-and-white photograph of American hostage Terry Anderson.
It's a procession of moments singing out from the past.
It is the nation's most powerful unmanned rocket.
Rockwell International Corp. was given a $54.4 million Army contract for Hellfire anti-tank missiles.
Moscow said it would withdraw its estimated 115,000 soldiers within ten months starting May 15 if Pakistan and Afghanistan sign a peace agreement by March 15.
Hardly anyone disputes that Democrats and Republicans alike set in motion the 1980s deregulation process that ultimately led to the collapse of the S&L industry.
It's going to be a factor in the market over the next decade," Seidman told reporters after his speech.
They deployed a Navy communications satellite and retrieved an 11-ton science laboratory that they will bring back to Earth so scientists can learn how scores of different materials and systems survived six years in orbit.
The federal government provided the states with $297 million this year to help finance fish and wildlife restoration programs.
The measures date back to 1986, when then-President Reagan accused Col. Moammar Gadhafi's regime of sponsoring terrorism.
None of the above should be construed as derogatory toward lugers, the sport's human component.
Quite the contrary, according to Mr David Tagg, the GrandMet director in charge of IEL. Everything is going to plan. When it was formed in 1991, IEL was deliberately loaded with debt by its two owners.
While I doubt the media were as gullible and malleable as Mr. Fenton's memo suggests, the Alar scare was created, mostly out of thin air, just as Mr. Fenton claims, and the media that were taken in can learn something from this episode.
His attorney, Ronald Waska, in Houston, asked the judge to place Beene on probation, arguing that his client didn't profit from the scheme.
The market opened lower and the Dow Jones industrial average extended its decline through midafternoon.
General Motors Corp. on Thursday began recalling more than 600,000 1983 Oldsmobiles and Buicks to replace an emissions control component that may have quit working.
The amendment "says there's a prejudice out there and let's pander to it," said Frank McCloskey, D-Ind.
Ms. DeSillers said the money to Dimas jewelry was to buy back items she had pawned in early 1987 to pay her son's medical expenses.
Should we add their food and not just the meager pay of French conscripts but also what they could have earned as civilians?
The army reported six wounded, including a youth it said was shot just as he was about to hurl a brick from a rooftop on a soldier below.
The New York office of Boston-based Hill Holiday won three Clios on Monday in the copywriting, original music with lyrics and travel categories for a commercial called "Invaders" for the Irish Tourist Board.
Many were apprehensive that the loud music played during the exhibition would send loose debris crashing down from the ceiling. But it held.
But a U.S. marshal said Ranganathan was not being detained.
Mr. Jackson spoke at a rally at the Lesbian and Gay Community Services Center here Friday.
With its rejection of this year's pay raise, Congress may have effectively scuttled the system under which salaries were proposed, by an appointed panel insulated against voter punishment for unpopular increases.
We were teen-agers, so we had all our friends," McAndrew said.
Kidder Peabody cut its rating on the athletic footwear maker's shares to "hold" from "current buy," saying that the stock has run about as far as it can go for now.
The program, if successful, would become a standard for using CD-ROM-based data, much as Microsoft's operating system software is now the standard for International Business Machines Corp. personal computers and the legions of compatibles.
He said the spill was triggered by a "chain of events" that the company is still investigating.
Because a number of recent economic reports have showed unexpected strength, more Reserve Bank easing isn't seen likely for a while.
However, he has told white voters he will not betray them and has affirmed his commitment to segregated residential areas for whites who want them.
The appellate ruling is a defeat for the International Association of Machinists, which represents the mechanics and had sought to include them in negotiations covering another 7,000 employees who operate under two other contracts.
McWilliams received 61 percent of the vote.
Ms. Arey and Payne both had their party's nominations to compete for the seat again in November, but it was considered likely that the loser in Tuesday's election would withdraw from the race.
The agency also reported that a new round of price increases will make some farm products substantially more expensive starting Feb. 1.
Although drought regularly depletes sources of food and water for cattle, camels and sheep, there is resistance to sacrificing some animals to improve the others' chances. Tradition exposes further clashes between economics and environment.
In 1982, the average tax in Louisiana on homes valued at $100,000 with FHA mortgages was $150 in Louisiana, $1,260 nationwide.
The offensive began shortly after the Soviet Union withdrew troops supporting the government forces.
Lippitt, 73, declined to congratulate Cianci when he conceded defeat Friday.
In Sweden, Saab is battling against a slump which has seen overall car sales fall from a peak of 340,000 in 1988 to an expected 130,000 this year. The 900 will sell hard on Saab's commitment to safety and low exhaust emissions as well as performance.
It shows the economy growing at an annual rate of 0.3% in the second quarter, 2.0% in the third quarter and 2.8% in the fourth quarter.
Decision/Capital Fund is a closed-end investment fund.
"The last number I heard from Exxon Corp. is that they have spent $1 billion, $900 million in their cleanup effort since the accident," Skinner said.
In two previous incidents, relatives of the woman were suspected, according to a state police officer who declined to be identified.
We'll often cut fat at the corporate level.
He said it was possible that the Bank of Japan "staked out" the 158-yen level as "territory" to defend.
But Japan's investors, who in the past rushed to buy into Trump Tower and Trump Parc for their prime location and guaranteed name value, are no longer impressed.
Sony was down 70 yen at 6020 yen, while Matsushita Electric Industrial fell 20 yen to 1610 yen.
Tower showed flashes of grit and humor as he fielded questions at the National Press Club about allegations concerning excessive drinking, womanizing and lucrative consulting fees he received from defense contractors.
Circle K, from a relatively sleepy chain of 1,300 stores in 1983, exploded under Mr. Eller's management to 4,700 outlets at the end of last year.
Not to mention a Hawaiian pig roast, a jazz concert and a white elephant sale.
In London, Bush achieved his goal of preserving _ at least for now _ a NATO that is the main instrument of U.S. influence in Europe while pushing it toward changes that could make it more acceptable to the Soviet Union.
On the day before the rampage, Hayes' family had tried to have him committed to a mental hospital.
County officials estimate a loss of 7 million bushels, 90 percent of the crop.
Bad economic news might encourage enough domestic investors to buy the securities to make up for any shortage of foreign investors, said Marilyn Schaja, a money market economist at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.
If it isn't, the day may come when people say of TV what Yogi Berra said of his once-favorite restaurant: "Nobody goes there anymore.
After three more outages, technicians set about creating a Jaws-proof sheath.
But the Time Warner Inc. that will be created when the deal officially closes Wednesday is vastly different from the company Time Chairman J. Richard Munro and Warner Chairman Steven J. Ross once envisioned.
"I never asked my stepmother for help," Lansky said last week. "I felt if she wanted to do something, she would offer.
The rate on the latest three-month Treasury bills fell to 6.42% bid from an average rate of 6.44% set at Monday's auction.
If people actually read this book thoroughly they'll only discover that Mr. Speakes came up with not just one or two indiscretions against his former employer, but 313 pages of gossip and slander.
This anxiety most likely will continue to increase as a result of the proliferation of "right-to-know" laws informing us of possible toxic exposures.
For all of the year earlier, Limited earned $227.8 million, or $1.21 a share, on sales of $3.1 billion.
Costs increased primarily from losses in having to sell homes in depressed markets, the council survey said.
Although the members included him in its work immediately, he said, "they thought I was a spy.
U.S. officials passed on the Iraqi assurances to Kuwait, said Kuwaiti Ambassador Saud Nasir al-Sabah.
But successes have been limited.
Mrs. Thatcher told reporters she and the president did not differ on the NATO question.
That compares with a 7.9% average yield for 90 dividend-paying utility stocks computed by the Chicago firm of Duff & Phelps Inc.
SEC Chairman Breeden said he would consider imposing "circuit breakers" to halt program trading during sharp swings in the market.
"When we get together, we leave politics out," says the Democrat about her Republican brother.
The notebook was part of a sale Thursday of English literary and historical manuscripts and books that totaled $2.13 million, Sotheby's said.
A general election is due by October 1993, and the campaign has already begun.
That same month, immigration officials complained of illnesses among INS employees apparently caused by the building's air system.
And while Solidarity had years of struggle that also let the Polish opposition fine-tune its platform, East Germany's pro-democracy forces suddenly have been thrown into the breach.
Before that, he was staff director for the House Agriculture Committee from 1973-82 and staff consultant from 1971-73.
Afternoons, he often typed what he'd written.
The White House announced the Dunne nomination shortly after Bush finished a news conference at which he was asked whether he agrees with NAACP leaders that there is "a rising tide of racism" in the country.
He wasn't an attorney, so he couldn't be disciplined by the bar.
But it quickly became clear the glasses weren't the only problem with his marksmanship.
A jet with 78 people aboard made an emergency landing Sunday after a section of its landing gear malfunctioned, and one wing caught fire briefly as it scraped the runway, officials said.
South African Ambassador A. Leslie Manley criticized the action. "This is blatant interference in the internal affairs of a member state of the United Nations," Manley said.
Creditors holding about $75 million face amount of unsecured debt would receive 85% of Care's equity; the rest would be retained by existing shareholders.
The agency went over budget this year, Patrick said, because of federally mandated increases in salaries and benefits.
The union group, the United Shipbuilding Crafts, sought an OSHA inspection.
Early last Wednesday near Buckingham Palace, meanwhile, there was a reminder of where the state still holds sway.
With his third novel, "The Remains of the Day," the 35-year-old novelist has turned his eye on his adopted country with an imaginative tour de force built around that most British of institutions, the butler.
The stories of Mary Magdalene, Mary and Martha and the woman at the well aren't told.
Thousands cheered and people shouted "Long Live the King!" when Otto von Hapsburg and other members of the family left a church Monday after a Mass for his mother Zita, the last queen of Hungary.
The ratings firm metered only about 1,000 homes in the New York area, but was planning to expand nationally.
But later, in London, it was quoted at a lower rate of 126.83 yen.
A spokesman for the heat-processing-systems designer indicated Mr. Gilbert was asked to resign but hadn't yet responded.
A major bond rating agency said Tuesday it is reviewing the status of New York City's ability to repay debt following a tentative agreement to give teachers a 5.5 percent pay raise.
Lee is a Boston-based private investment firm that specializes in leveraged buy-outs, and ML-Lee, an affiliate, is a public investment partnership.
The current account is the most important trade statistic, because it covers not only merchandise trade but also trade in the services category, which reflects primarily the flow of investment earnings between countries.
According to del Pino, the Cuban MiG's are equipped with conventional as opposed to nuclear bombs.
An attempt to have Chicago's black community unite behind one mayoral candidate yielded no clear winner as delegates to a meeting showed strong support for two contenders.
A teen-ager who killed her abusive father was acquitted Friday in a judgment that extends to juveniles the post-traumatic stress defense previously used in cases of battered wives killing husbands.
Yani who uses traditional Chinese brush and ink technique to paint animals, especially monkeys, but said she plans to expand her artwork and concentrate on humans.
The lesson from Denmark is that current procedures are not acceptable and the flow of information between voters and the centre is inadequate.
The fiber-optic approach also would clear the way for digital, high-definition television later in the 1990s.
She says the orchestra could be ongoing, but efforts are concentrated on this year's program.
Last Thursday, U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland approved the sale to Trump, after America West failed to secure financing for its offer by a Wednesday deadline set by Eastern.
Last July, rebels declared a limited cease-fire in quake-devastated areas but the government did not respond.
In the end, Unisource became an almost inevitable partner. A joint venture between the national operators of Sweden, Switzerland and the Netherlands, Unisource has direct contact with most of Europe's multinationals and was developing a solid reputation.
The 1986 tax law, the major provisions of which were revealed in late 1984, further reduced individual tax rates but sharply increased the effective tax rates on investment income.
But these vehicles probably won't be mass-produced until 1995 or later because the fuel isn't widely available.
When the world ends next week, the few who are chosen will be able to park their cars in heaven, says the man who also was predicting apocalypse about this time last year.
The world railway speed record is 319 mph, set by France's TGV last May. The new Shinkansen train will begin Tokyo-Osaka passenger service next year, traveling as fast as 167 mph and cutting 20 minutes off the current 2 1/2-hour trip.
Twelve-page pink pamphlets are being handed out on street corners across the country, sounding frightening alarms in bold-face type about Ritalin, a prescription drug used for three decades to calm hyperactive children.
"If you want to do it right, it's a full-time job," Rossetti said. "I was just fortunate I could work my schedule around Carl." That meant sometimes working into the early-morning hours to keep his family financially afloat.
And Rep. Leon Panetta (D., Calif.), a leader of California opponents to offshore leasing, predicted the plan would help unify states of the Pacific, Atlantic and Gulf coasts to "work for a more balanced and comprehensive energy program."
So let's give each the attention it deserves tomorrow.
Adding to the confusion surrounding the incident, Mr. Howard said, the Iranian jetliner also was transmitting identifying signals usually associated with civilian aircraft.
"He ought to get out," said Byrd. "The country cannot have confidence in the Justice Department when the top law enforcement officer obviously has to spend an inordinate amount of his time defending himself.
LATE NEW YORK TRADING Tuesday, March 17, 1987 Based on average of late afternoon buying and selling rates.
John W. Sanders, 45, president of Young & Rubicam's Detroit office, will succeed Mr. Power as the top executive there.
Castro is to attend the inauguration on Thursday of President-elect Fernando Collor de Mello in Brasilia, the capital. On Friday, Castro travels to Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo.
The yield on six-month T-bills fell to 7.82% on Monday, from 8.01% the week before.
The announcement at the United Nations - by British Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd and in a statement from Iran's U.N. Mission - said the embassies would reopen in London and Tehran within a month.
She returned to England, disillusioned, after a month.
Was that your case? 'No, it certainly wasn't.
Superior Judge Karl Johnstone said Tuesday that all evidence gathered in the investigation except for Hazelwood's report will be admissible at his trial for the March 24 grounding of the tanker and the spill of about 11 million gallons of crude oil.
More than 3,000 lightning strikes were reported overnight in Oregon, Washington, Nevada, California and Idaho.
A director maybe gets four or five hours' sleep." About "Navy SEALS," Sheen commented: "A long shoot, 16 weeks, eight in Virginia Beach, the remaining eight in Spain.
The bid-to-cover was higher than the 2.91 set at the last two-year sale in July, even though the average yield then also was higher at 6.94%.
Now at least one-fourth are local.
The State Department has called for Aoun to step down.
Salinas said the government will eliminate subsidies for basic food products in stages over the next six months because it lacks the money to finance them.
Among the nation's Big Three automakers, Ford alone showed increased sales during late February, the month or during the first two months of the year.
The AMA opposes the limits.
The near-extinction of the buffalo herd, combined with pressure from local missionaries, all but wiped out the rituals that had united the Omahas for centuries.
For example, the PC running Windows applications software will be a familiar front-end for many business and personal computer users.
Friday's Market Activity Stocks ended mixed, with market indexes weighed down by profit-taking in big stocks in a tumultuous trading day.
But he said he would find the legislation more acceptable if it were proposed as "enabling legislation" that could be voluntarily adopted by shareholders of individual companies, rather than be dictated to all companies by state law.
Still, for most retailers, the weekend did little to assure them a restful holiday.
The other three are competing for second place.
The Uzi is defined as a semiautomatic handgun that can fire 100 rounds a minute, he said.
For a paper deal worth a mere Pounds 105m, ADT now claims to have written off as goodwill the sum of Dollars 278m.
The four were indicted in Knoxville in April 1987, and the trial was moved to Memphis at Ford's request.
Turn the slices once and allow six to seven minutes for the vegetable to become hot, tender and burnished with gold.
After nine years with Bankers Trust, Mr. Beim, 46 years old, resigned Friday after what he terms "differences of personality and style" with deputy chairman Charles S. Sanford Jr.
The government has proposed the Soviet Union's first national referendum on the plan, which Premier Nikolai Ryzhkov presented to the Supreme Soviet on Thursday.
Under the proposed transaction, the new company, Brown & Root Vickers Ltd. would be 70%-owned by Brown & Root Ltd.; the balance would be owned by Vickers, which owns the Rolls Royce car manufacturer and medical equipment, defense and marine units.
Mrs. Palme, appearing shaken, closed her eyes as he was led in.
Gantt, who campaigned on the premise that a runoff would divide the party, urged Easley late Tuesday not to let "1 or 2 percent divide us." But Easley called for a runoff in a news conference this morning at state Democratic Party Headquarters.
In the one-store hamlet of Spotted Horse, former roustabout Craig McGee, a slight man in scuffed boots and torn jeans, downs a beer and reviews his job search: tried to get hired as a dogcatcher but wasn't qualified, tried for a jailer's job but failed.
The festival continues through Tuesday.
He had latterly been a director in the investor relations department.
He referred to "the strategic dangers and vulnerability of our eastern borders." The Israeli leader also voiced veiled criticism of Jewish leaders abroad who have met with PLO leaders.
Turnover on the NYSE was heavy at 239m shares, and rises outpaced declines by 909 to 867. Analysts regard the selling of recent days as a temporary correction in prices following the recent period of strength.
In the mid-1980s Peugeot began plans to modernize and expand its plant in Sochaux, a nearly 100-year-old facility sandwiched between the outskirts of the city and the river Allan.
Television reports said workers sawed the Dutch chemical tanker Anna Broere into two pieces and planned to hoist the parts from the floor of the North Sea.
But the main purpose was to suggest to the state organs that, in an emergency, Mr. Gorbachev's prestige could be transformed into ready cash.
Key Bank of Washington is trustee.
"We have a feeling that we still have a long way to go," he said.
He also said Reagan and Bush negotiated with terrorists in the Iran-Contra affair and the 1985 hijacking of a TWA jetliner to Beirut.
France's Union des Assurances de Paris disclosed Friday it had purchased 6.3 million shares in Sun Life Assurance Society Co., a 10.7% stake.
Walsh said a prison term is necessary to reduce North's political following that was cultivated on the lecture circuit and "reinforces his lack of remorse." Walsh rejected North's contention that he is a scapegoat.
Sprint believes that the UK should therefore agree to its licence application and is keeping the FCC informed. The DTI's decision will not only affect Sprint.
He did not name any countries or say how he had received such assurances.
In past years, the rebel group has carried out numerous massacres of mountain peasants it viewed as traitors to its cause.
Since 1990 he has been chairman of the Unichem Northern Regional Committee and was a non-exec at Unichem from 1986-90. James Buchanan has retired.
It also believes, thank heavens, "that we can neither police the world nor retreat from it."
I think it's significant." Both sides in the case said they expect the number of Salvadorans actively fighting deportation to increase as a result of the judge's order.
Within the last few years, massive corrosion along the 880-mile length of the pipeline was discovered.
The violence has caused escalating tensions between India and Pakistan.
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Sherwood shares closed at $1.875, up 12.5 cents.
This shows a price below which it is not economic to continue production.
Enrile's lawyers and reporters rushed there early Tuesday, but government prosecutors said they were waiting "for some documents" before filing the complaint.
Dempsey could face up to 30 years in prison on the assault count and a maximum seven-year term on the AIDS exposure count.
The new study being published today bolsters previous evidence that the biggest impact of estrogen therapy may be in preventing heart disease in older women.
However, the legislation gives the secretary an escape clause by which he can avoid holding such talks; Treasury Secretary James Baker, who opposes a debt facility strongly, is expected to use that mechanism.
The Democrats' proposal also includes a scaled-down version of the capital gains tax cut sought by Bush.
Already, however, Mr. Spangenberg says, "There are implications for the chemical industry.
These donations were thrown out, but the donors were later allowed to give blood again.
The U.S. government contribution will consist of a guarantee for those loans: if the Soviets fail to repay in three years, the United States would pay the banks 98 percent of the principal and about half the interest.
Anticipating the loss of amenities or property values, potentially affected property owners unite into a group capable of bending government to its will.
A year ago, the Mediation Board ordered the first election to determine whether workers at USAir and former Piedmont employees would be represented by the Teamsters.
But Texas Air recently has been paring staff at Eastern.
Factories, mines and utilities operated at 82.4 percent of capacity for the third consecutive month.
A tornado blew over a mobile home and tore the roofs off some other buildings in Point Harbor, but no injuries were reported, the weather service said.
We call it the snicker factor.
But pressed by opposition Liberal and New Democratic Party members to match the bill signed this week by President Reagan, Mulroney made no commitments.
The Commerce Department said a survey found that businesses plan to spend $429.4 billion, after adjusting for inflation, topping the previous high of $391.6 billion set in 1985.
But Goodyear had taken 1970-71 foreign-tax credits in the U.S. for the unit.
That is something worth doing regardless of cost or effectiveness.
The 24-member body is controlled by Solidarity, which has 12 seats.
"The process is still continuing.
A candidate finds himself fifth in line at an airport ticket counter.
"We want to get there early, not wait until after June 7 or after the convention to sell the Dukakis message and the Dukakis record," Warren said.
The fowl visitors arrived in the dead of night and announced their presence in the customary way: with loud crowing to greet the dawn.
Castelo Branco had held the post since February 1986. Previously, he was civilian liason minister for Sarney's government.
He said Hai had told an interpreter at the hospital that he was dissatisified with the screening system that determines whether Vietnamese are refugees to be resettled or illegal immigrants subject to repatriation.
The department described the condition of the Kansas crop as good-to-excellent and predicted a harvest of 460.2 million bushels, a remarkable rebound from 213.6 million last year.
Milken's planned appearance before a House subcommittee this summer may be blocked, if prosecutors and regulators have their way.
Whether U.S.-style auctions of gilts continue "is a very close call," says John Shepperd, a gilts economist at Warburg Securities.
Heine Securities Corp., a New York money-management concern, boosted its clients' stake in Cambrian & General Securities PLC, the British investment pool formerly run by Ivan F. Boesky.
He was released on $10,000 bail, pending a July 14 court hearing.
He expects to make more money in the Soviet Union this year than last.
In the fourth period, sales of the giant American Capital Government Securities Fund slowed after its dividend was trimmed.
An alternative is a later competitor, 'New Leaf' (Shin Yeh), which has several locations in Taipei.
Congressional approval of the reprisal hasn't slowed the push to put curbs on the U.S. military presence in the Persian Gulf.
Wedtech officials have admitted to law enforcement officials that the company illegally obtained the status of a minority-run company to obtain no-bid contracts through bribes of public officials.
China Southern flies to 53 domestic cities from its home base and from stations in the cities of Wuhan, Changsha and Haikou.
Mr. Kohl's trick is simple.
With foreigners holding a 10 percent market share, domestic makers are starting to clamor for a dumping investigation.
"Hardly anyone knew about this beforehand," says Harry Kamen, Metropolitan Life's general counsel.
A reasonably high percentage of the kids, their families are not full-time farmers." Geuns said about 200 head of cattle were entered in the recent Michigan Youth All Breed Beef and Sheep Show at Ionia, down 50 from last year.
The current account deficit provides a measure of the amount of money the nation must raise abroad, principally from borrowing, to finance the economy.
The SEC disciplined MDC in September 1989 for its handling of eight real estate transactions between 1985 and 1987, including employing Silverado-Elektra as a "straw buyer" and booking profits on the Houston sale.
He was tentatively listed in stable condition and was to undergo surgery for a chest wound at Queen Elizabeth Hospital.
"`Dad,' they said, `they just lie in commercials.'
Hamadi, 24, admitted to taking part in the hijacking of Flight 847 from Athens to Rome but denied killing Stethem.
There is no final dividend to leave the payment at 0.5p (3p for previous year).
Bank of New York's tender offer expires tomorrow night.
Until now, the minimum maturity for exemption was two years.
Mr. Marchese, a former bank executive, was convicted of bribery and racketeering.
Insurgent leaders contended that the casualties were the result of "friendly fire" between two government infantry units.
One stock in trade is gumbo, a nourishing soup which derives from an African word for okra, the vegetable which forms the main ingredient.
If there is a problem, Mr. Marshall argues, it's GM's fault.
'Secondly, when the labour market had its shakeout, it hit the service sector and white-collar employees.' Both factors particularly affected the middle classes - a key Tory constituency.
A restaurant owner recited a Buddhist prayer outside the palace and said: "Japan is not Japan without him.
Mr. Carter, like Mr. Reagan, believed prior notification to Congress risked revelations that would have jeopardized the lives of those involved in these operations.
But, even if their demand for credit revived, Japan's indebted banks are likely to remain unwilling to lend for some time.
Why the DA seeks more business when he cannot keep up with half the criminals he prosecutes now is probably a political guess.
A navy spokesman said the boat normally carries a crew of four, but it was not known how many were on board.
Holiday activities in this West Bank town of 35,000 were to be reduced from previous years in sympathy with the yearlong Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule in the occupied territories.
Each warrant will entitle the holder to acquire a unit consisting of one common share of Potash Corp. currently owned by the Saskatchewan government and one half common share purchase warrant.
Mrs. Cox estimates CHAMPUS was providing $17,000 in home health care every month.
This was a project KLM could not complete on its own. But KLM and British Airways had not re-started talks on a strategic alliance.
He wouldn't identify them, saying final decisions hadn't been made yet.
His forces man checkpoints around the capital.
We will continue to rationalise as necessary.' Closing businesses in 1991 led to an extraordinary charge of Pounds 377,000 (Pounds 644,000). 'We reduced staff by 290 and closed six textiles sites,' said Mr Corrin.
An autopsy showed that Bean, 25, died 10 years ago of severe blows to the head and chest.
Militants leaving other cities to go to the border would also be stopped, he added. Mr Qayyum defended his goverment's position on the Kashmiri right to self-determination leading to accession with Pakistan.
"We didn't have any prospects of selling MeraBank, but I think now that the federal government has taken over, they will have a prospect of selling it, and that is a possibility we've all considered for some time," Sargent said.
In addition, the award included interest and expense payments.
"You don't need meat to be healthy," Indra Dyvmna Swami of San Francisco told a group of curious Soviets gathered around a wooden cart carrying a colorful tent and a brightly painted statue of the Krishna god Jaganatha.
He warned, however, that it could hamper the carrier's operations.
Bush goes from West Germany to London, and returns to the United States on Friday, strengthened politically as he confronts the domestic agenda.
In the Time-CNN poll, 47 percent agreed with the verdict, 33 percent did not and 20 percent were not sure.
And I will reinforce our support for the courageous leaders of the region at the upcoming drug summit at Cardagena.
Berkshire first bought Washington Post shares in 1973 and shares in Geico, an insurer, in 1976.
The federal courts found that such private lawsuits were implicit in Section 10(b).
A PHYSICS graduate, Mr Karim Arginbayev, 28, used to dream of devoting his life to science.
Management changes last summer, including Mr. Andrews reassuming the chief executive post at World Airways at the board's request, contributed to the performance, he said.
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company's domestic sales and earnings, and more substantial increases in overseas results.
The Rev. Al Trotter, a guest preacher at Sunday's services, made a brief reference to Swaggart.
Sell orders poured in and prices kept falling in the absence of buyers.
But the big Italian merchant and processor said it still plans to sue the Board of Trade for damages for losses incurred as a result of the July 11 order.
One surviving passenger reportedly told investigators that the bus driver said, "Hang on tight, I have no brakes," moments before the bus slid over the cliff.
Political observers said he was referring to Algeria, which was believed to have played a key role in the hostage negotiations.
In 1990, the mine produced 17,000 tonnes of tin, compared with 32,000 in its heyday.
Donations and loans coming from the U.S. government through the Agency for International Development have been grossly mishandled.
Canadian manufacturers operated at 80.3% of capacity in the first quarter, down from 80.7% in the preceding three months, Statistics Canada, a federal agency, said.
Rourke was appointed Heath's successor.
Among other things, he ignores the incentives generated by economic and legal arrangements.
Both are CDs that have been expanded from original concept albums, of the early 1960s and the late 1950s respectively.
"We would like to keep our hiring local to all of the cities that we are opening," she said.
Saudi security officials said 402 people were killed in a stampede after an Iranian political demonstration in Mecca turned violent.
Boake A. Sells, chairman and chief executive officer, said Revco's 2,000 drugstores in 27 states will remain open and the company's 28,000 employees will continue to be employed.
(The discount does not apply to the Pep). Prolific Unit Trust Managers is also offering a discount off some of its funds.
Trans World Airlines proposed to acquire USAir for $52 a share.
In the new-issue market last month, a Citicorp five-year offering yielded 1.25 percentage point more than Treasurys while a similarly-rated RJR Nabisco offering with a longer maturity yielded only 0.6 percentage point more than Treasurys.
But it hasn't been clear whether this compound is produced by an animal cell or acquired from an external source.
Sotheby's was acquired in 1983 for about $130 million and taken private.
Earlier, the judge called into the courtroom the jury foreman and asked whether jurors were able to proceed in light of the slaying of Phyllis Singletary by her boyfriend.
Sen. Paul Simon, D-Ill., who is not campaigning in the Super Tuesday states, favors doubling the excise tax on cigarettes.
But BBC2's series of The Wednesday Play may serve to highlight the paucity in single drama today.
Then he resigned again and flew to India for a vacation.
In part, GM hopes to get some marketing mileage out of an otherwise embarrassing situation.
Legislation to close a loophole in the regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls, the highly toxic chemicals whose manufacture was banned in 1976, has been approved by the House.
A special Maastricht protocol preserves Ireland's ban on abortion.
Navy escorts may be joined by U.S. helicopters that will fly with the convoy to spot from the air any mines that might lie in its path.
Rosser said the consequences of the gender gap include loss of scholarships to girls _ chief among them National Merit Scholarships awarded to students who score highest on the Preliminary SAT (PSAT) in their junior year of high school.
A Kurdish guerrilla group, the Kurdish Democratic Party, claims Iraq dropped poison gas bombs on six Kurdish villages in northern Iraq that day.
He was sort of juvenile."
The stock has since recovered in line with rising world stock markets.
Stocks got some support, however from falling interest rates in the credit markets, where prices of long-term Treasury bonds rose as much as $5 for each $1,000 in face value.
Parents of the country's first in-vitro quintuplets said Monday that without more state money they might have to turn out their three nieces.
This seems unlikely to succeed. Whatever happens, the ANC may yet regret focusing so much attention on the constitutional talks.
In both cases, federal judges eventually ruled that the airlines had to make the payments according to schedule, but one earlier ruling favored Continental's effort at postponement, producing considerable confusion.
Passengers were put on a later flight which left at 4:26 p.m., said United spokesman Joe Hopkins.
By 1980, he was off for a year of study at the Naval War College, a necessary ticket for a would-be star.
Chung said he and a 20-member survey team would visit North Korea in mid-April to discuss financing and other details for the resort project.
The Japan Broadcasting Corp., the national public television network, showed the liftoff on its evening news, but led off its newscast with another story - Japanese hostages' families visiting them in Iraq.
Unforeseen at the time of the 1982 accord were the enormous trading volume in stock-index futures and the extent of the interplay between stocks and stock-index futures.
Soon, Margaret River was producing award-winning premium wines. I began tasting at 10am.
But Maxwell rebuffed him, saying: 'You'll just have to trust me.
This may explain the volatility in terms of perceptions about job prospects.' MORI had face-to-face interviews with 1,022 people aged 18 or more who work full or part-time.
Asked what the emergence of a "narco-government" would mean for U.S. foreign policy, Gates said, "I don't think anybody has thought very much about that.
Archaeologists work side by side with firefighters, trying to preserve historic sites at Yellowstone National Park that have been threatened not only by fire but by the bulldozers sent in to halt them.
He disagreed with a specific proposal in the House bill that would allow no buyout that raised the debt-equity ratio beyond 1:1 in takeovers, saying the ratio had to be examined individually in each instance.
He said institutions with problem real estate loans should be permitted to absorb the losses over several years.
Sayles (as writer) did two episodes and the two-hour pilot, shown April 13. Then he left.
The B-2 was designed as a strategic nuclear-armed bomber, and it does instantly degrade the Soviets' $350 billion air defense system. But it's even better as a weapon for the post-Cold War era.
The Senate late Thursday approved a resolution that will send a team of congressional experts to Poland to study the needs of the newly formed parliament.
The study noted that nine errors have been committed in the chief control facility in the past 14 months.
A script for "Scarlett" should be ready by early next year, and Mr. Halmi hopes to begin filming in June.
Since a debtor's money essentially belongs to his or her creditors until the debts are repaid, creditors argue that tithing (typically paying 10% of income to a religious group) is a form of robbing Peter to pay Paul.
The International Coffee Organization, established in 1963, tries to stabilize coffee prices by limiting sales of green coffee beans by the producers to the consumers.
Others are under construction in Riverdale, N.Y., and Chevy Chase, Md.
Boston-area lawyers praised Souter's intellect and willingness to study a case.
Nonetheless, he is already recruiting mentors for next year's group.
Last week, the U.S. General Accounting Office underscored concerns by charging that the lawn-care industry exaggerates pesticide safety.
Burton loaded a shotgun with "kracker" shells _ blanks that explode with a small flame but have no shot.
There is a series of really important and difficult issues of European policy crying out for it to address.
The FBI, HHS employees and Kennedy's staff said the device, a metal canister in a paper bag, was found several offices and about 15 yards away from Kennedy's office on the 24th floor of the John F. Kennedy federal building.
Not one time has he ever asked me to vote for or against any piece of legislation, any provision of law, any amendment.
Suddenly, the affair has raised its head again.
The stock-market crash has also led to stepped-up regulatory efforts in the financial sector.
A lightning-sparked fire burned along a 20-mile front in northwestern Nebraska, threatening the community of Crawford and forcing the evacuation of more than 629 people from a hospital, nursing home and Fort Robinson State Park.
I'm looking forward to companies where we have a van der Merwe and a Khumalo (typical Afrikaner and African names). 'You can call it tokenism if you like, but it's going to be the story of South Africa: van der Merwe and Khumalo.
The steep yield curve tells me that people have learned something," he said.
Score one, reluctantly, for Going Out. We happened to see Crazy For You on the same night that the Queen took her mother for a 93rd birthday treat, along with her sister and umpteen other members of the royal family.
The vice president gave a speech in Kennebunkport's town square after the local Memorial Day parade.
The dollar's trading day began on a strong note in Tokyo.
Allison Miller, 24, of Long Beach designed the clothing that Corinne Quayle wore to that ceremony.
Allegis owns a 60% stake in the Edmonton Westin.
Mr. Nelson told Merlin about some dog bones he had found.
As a result, says Mike Herrity, medical affairs manager at Evans Medical, part of Medeva, manufacturers are always chasing the disease.
Despite some recent storms, six to 12 inches of rain are still needed to return the Mississippi, Ohio and Tennessee valleys to near-normal conditions.
Analysts in Japan couldn't recall an instance where a Japanese retailer has acquired a company that filed a bankruptcy petition.
As a result, Central Maine will take an $11 million after-tax charge against earnings for 1986.
We are going to be reviewed in every step we make, and that has an impact on the staff here.
"He was a gifted performer and in the way he handled himself in front of the camera, he was a master." In 1978, Bailey began a three-year stint as a singer on the PTL Club on television.
They never did point out anything wrong with her," said Democratic pollster Harrison Hickman.
Some married couples will benefit from one change. Under current rules, relief can be given where a contract covers a married couple, so long as one partner is aged 60 or over.
His wife and the recent birth of a baby daughter have given his life a stability that many professional chess players never find time for. As the world title has become more of a realistic ambition and less of a dream, Short has become harder.
The prospect of a widespread financial impact makes it likely that any failure of First Executive could spark political attention and public debate.
The success of tax overhaul also reflected the power of widespread public sentiment.
Early this month, Navigation Foundation President Thomas D. Davies, whose organization the society hired to look into the Peary controversy, announced that a worksheet Rawlins thought held compass calculations actually showed time readings.
The charges about senator Kennedy are false.
Upgrades also exceeded downgrades in the hospital, educational institutions, municipal utility, and tax-backed issue sectors.
"We continue to believe that we are innocent of the charges in the ETSI case," said Santa Fe's chairman, president and chief executive officer, Robert D. Krebs.
The Canadian Lintas unit is by far the smaller of the two, with less than $50 million in billings, but it is part of Lintas: Worldwide , which had total 1987 billings of $2.79 billion.
The two tiers are evident in the way the market values consumer and industrial stocks.
Mr. Conde and another Spanish businessman together control about 3% of Montedison stock.
It's time to clear the air.
This leads to significant value-added in the areas e-commerce and customer relationship management.
He said a police officer's brother reserved the facility for the group.
Right now, the houses remain cautious.
Zancanata and a team of scientists fired rockets in the ealry 1960s from Christmas and Johnson islands in the Pacific Ocean to study the effects of nuclear blasts on the atmosphere.
Eurobonds are especially vulnerable to squeezes, which seek to drive up a bond's price by artificially restricting supply.
On Friday, gold for February delivery fell $2.20 an ounce to $353.70.
Tallia and other company officials have refused to comment on the investigation.
Each income category includes families and single people.
Northwesterly winds of 15 to 25 mph with a few gusts to around 30 mph were common across the Midwest.
The standoff began Sunday at the Metropolitan District Command Center in Davao City.
Congress is above the law."
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles "juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw."
That's a measure of prevention far better than anything we have now."
In a work force of 3.1 million, only 26,000 are without jobs.
The purchasing managers' report showed a sharp increase in new factory orders.
Leads in the ice that were as close as five miles last weekend have been plugged by shifting winds, record low temperatures and drifting ice.
I don't doubt for a minute the sincerity with which the Irish government believe that it is over for good.
A source said the advisories are issued during a heightened state of international alert, such as the July 1988 downing of a civilian Iranian airliner by the USS Vincennes.
An express train slammed into a schoolbus carrying about 120 passengers Tuesday at an unprotected rail crossing near Ahungalla, about 50 miles south of Colombo, police and witnesses said.
The company estimated that favorable exchange-rate movements added $81.3 million to sales and $32.5 million to trading profit during the half.
In Hong Kong early Friday, gold was trading at $365.95 an ounce.
John Logsdon, director of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University, said he is confident NASA will fix the leak and that shuttles soon will be flying again.
Software suppliers, call-center specialists and multi-media agencies are working in this field on integrated solutions, in order to provide companies with efficient solutions that will enhance their revenue streams and open up rationalization potential.
It cannot be controlled by drugs and usually kills within one year of diagnosis.
The Pomerenkes are long-time residents of Yakima.
These books are often found on tables in the center of book stores with tags that proclaim markdowns of more than 50%.
French president Francois Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl, the German chancellor (pictured below), are expected to discuss Gatt, the next European summit and the outlook for the EU after Maastricht.
They described the privileged lives of the Soviet political elite, and criticized Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev for moving too slowly in reforming Soviet society.
"We are saying clearly that we desire to discuss the future model of the trade union movement _ different from the present _ together with the OPZZ (official unions) and moderate leaders of former Solidarity," he said.
A mob of 40 people stoned to death a 72-year-old woman reputed to be a witch doctor, and hundreds of attackers with clubs killed another purported witch doctor, authorities said.
Namphy organized army-run, fraudulent elections in January 1988 in which university professor Leslie Manigat was declared the winner.
The rapid rise in wages since 1988 means it can no longer compete as a low-cost manufacturing centre.
Deutsche Bank, for example, is trading in the $490-a-share range.
Many Ranger buyers are first-time truck buyers, he said, adding that two-thirds either trade in cars as they buy the Ranger or had a car as an alternative purchase.
At least some Japanese bureaucrats are eager to limit competition between these countries, and private industry is already making an effort to foster complementary patterns of development.
The staff voted to strike in protest, he said.
Kennedy said he received "an instantaneous positive reaction" from his nephew.
Sleep when you would be doing so at your destination.
I see no reason why he should be denied that opportunity." Stock, a 1949 Augsburg graduate, told WCCO-TV on Tuesday that he was disappointed by the decision not to name the building wing after him.
The Vatican's envoy to the Soviet Union, Archbishop Francesco Colasuonno, offered to mediate any talks between Vilnius and Moscow.
"Things are cool and calm," he said. "We're trying to unwind that fire as fast as we can now.
Eventually, it may be possible for farmers and home gardeners to make bad microbes anemic by loading the soil with certain beneficial bacteria that will deprive the pathogens of their iron supply.
But Mrs. Mandela has suggested that Asvat may have been killed because he had examined Seipei and other youths she said were sexually molested by a Methodist minister.
Funeral services were planned for Monday in nearby Montignac.
Thailand's economy is strong, and the nation's tourism sector is starting to recover from a recent slump.
The other 20,000 troops once based in and around the city started leaving early in January, either by air or by road up the Salang, the only route from Kabul to the Soviet border 260 miles away.
Dylan Winter continues his Sunday teatime adventures with his barge and horse, sturdy Molly, meeting positively Dickensian canal-side folk.
During the latest quarter, International Paper announced the $400 million cash acquisition of Masonite, a subsidiary of USG Corp.
The respondents are asked to rate food, service and decor and to estimate the price of a single meal before drinks and tips.
Instead of quick cuts with no story line, they are talking about simple messsages and traditional storytelling.
Democrats bolstered their majority control of the Senate by ousting three-term GOP maverick Lowell Weicker of Connecticut, who refused to concede defeat, and by capturing Republican seats in Virginia, Nevada and Nebraska.
Unlike the police, the UNTAG vehicles will have no weapons on board.
De Havilland said it expects deliveries of the twin-turboprop Dash 8 aircraft to be completed by the end of 1991.
Moreover, the partnership documents were backdated to 1983 by a notary, a longtime supporter of the senator's.
Jackson's study suggests the stress might be enough to make the fault break in a great quake along 220 miles of its length.
General Motors rose 3 1/4 to 75 1/4 in active trading.
A GROUP of foreign investors is suing Merrill Lynch for more than Dollars 86m.
It is a mission that remains relevant in the post-segregation era.
But executive producer Pierre Cossette, who has been doing Grammy shows almost since the golden age of silent television, fashioned a well-paced evening.
An eight-member military panel is hearing the case in a tiny base courtroom.
It isn't something you can take or leave," Marilyn says of the skunk's scent, a spray designed by nature as the animal's first line of defense.
Hackett has no tolerance for the gimmicky.
A company spokesman noted that the average price of the shares involved in the transactions is $51.
But average milk production rose to 14,244 pounds per cow last year from 14,145 in 1988.
How to bridge this generation gap?
The same scene shows that Hastings can certainly write, even if he has produced a strange play.
The new army chief, Maj. Gen.
After VW disclosed the fraud on March 10 by filing a criminal complaint before state prosecutors, Mr. Junger said police confiscated his passport to prevent him from leaving the country.
Operating costs are running well ahead of inflation.
By the time the family moved in, it fugee camp.
Persistent reports this year spoke of unrest in Shkodra and other northern areas that traditionally were Roman Catholic before the Communists took over.
But Air France, which leased the plane to the Mulhouse Aero-Club for the show Sunday, said that all of the necessary permissions had been received.
We did not have - as a matter of fact, we fought - Hitlerism." "First, I'd say a prayer for myself and for the country that I'm about to lead." _ Vice President-elect Dan Quayle, on the campaign trail.
Dice the butter, put it into a small saucepan with half the tea and heat gently until the butter is melted.
That will make the PSBR harder to fund as long as it remains large.
All were 17 at the time of crime, the minimum age in Georgia for the death sentence.
"Before this study, we didn't know if there were other defects associated strongly with older age we weren't testing for," added Dr. Baird, a professor of medical genetics.
Talks between the government and the unions on 1989 salaries are to begin soon.
We will fight it without concessions," said Gaviria, who took office for a four-year term, succeeding President Virgilio Barco.
He runs the Stress Management Unit at London Bridge Hospital, a short walk from the Pavilion wine bar.
The two groups were among 60,000 Kurds who were settled in five tent cities in southeastern Turkey in August after they left Iraq.
It set out, plainly enough, the principles that make Conservatives stand up and salute: choice, ownership, responsibility and opportunity.
"It's been increasing geometrically in the last few days.
London's commodity markets appeared to be heading for an up-beat end to the week yesterday morning with aluminium, coffee and cocoa prices registering significant gains.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the latest Gorbachev proposal represented the first time the Soviets had agreed to an overall ceiling on conventional forces.
He contends that businessmen should contribute to education and that outstanding teachers, like valued employees in the corporate world, should be recognized with cash bonuses.
In the Mahalia Jackson Room, the crowd was unusually still.
"We've had listeners on the air reporting what looked like heated, falling stones," said John Davis of station KSRM.
Suspicious consumers prefer dollars, or even piggies, although 900,000 of them were needed to buy a dollar at the end of August.
The committee also heard from Nancy Ziegenmeyer, a Grinnell, Iowa, woman who was abducted and raped in 1988.
The study showed that sugar closed unchanged about 4% of the time.
But Mr. Wall said it doesn't favor a blanket no-growth policy.
Administration officials estimate that China, Iran's largest arms supplier, contracted to ship about $1 billion of weapons to Tehran this year.
"They were really hit hard.
But little danger is seen at Atlantic and other healthy companies with employee ownership.
Steve Fisher said he didn't know trouble was brewing on his beer delivery route when at least 43 12-packs fell out of the back of his truck.
The stock-market crash was the main factor in the drop, the industry-supported nonprofit economic research concern said.
Equities face pressure both from government funding and from looming rights issues.
According to people familiar with POS, the unit's budget was $10 million in 1987 and $17 million in 1988, but then jumped to $40 million in 1989 and $125 million in 1990.
Media General Inc.'s board of directors has rejected an offer by California investor Burt Sugarman to end his takeover bid in exchange for a large share of the company's cable television operation in northern Virginia, Media General officials say.
In the past year, more than a score of American companies have joined the rush to commercialize the so-called thin-film diamond technology.
Goode again flatly denied any such plan.
If the transaction goes sour, the assets are used to pay investors.
In the case of HDTV, $10 million remains in the Senate bill, and an equal sum has been set aside for a related advanced technology program funded in a pending Commerce Department appropriations bill.
At one time or another, de Gaulle told officials of both towns he had fond memories of landing on their beach after four years in London.
The advantages of keeping the two divisions yoked together are slim.
We need new trains, more staff and longer platforms," Neil Milligan, general secretary of the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen, said at the Euston demonstration.
Chrysler already has a substantial presence in Mexico.
Many of these investments involve special risks that often aren't easily recognized.
"There may be some people who voice disapproval, but public opinion will understand that this act was taken against one of the leaders of one of the most fanatical groups in Lebanon," said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir's spokesman, Avi Pazner.
An FBI agent in Los Angeles who spoke Arabic flew to Modesto, but she couldn't understand the conversations.
The securities being registered with the SEC include $300 million in TBS senior notes due in 1997, $400 million in senior subordinated debentures due in 2001 and $200 million in liquid yield option notes due in 2004.
Worried officials said absorbing the newcomers probably will be hampered by the nearly 50 percent cutback in federal refugee assistance funding since 1984.
For Friday, the forecast called for widespread showers and occasional thunderstorms extending from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle and over most of the Appalachians, the Tennessee and Ohio valleys, Illinois and eastern Missouri.
One of the sea lions, nicknamed Blue Eye because of a cataract on his eye, has been a problem for three years, said Bob DeLong, marine mammal biologist with the National Marine Fisheries Service.
The company said the conversion plan will be on the agenda at the shareholder meeting in the first quarter.
Today's U.N. Security Council vote was the first time in its 45-year history the council has authorized such military action to enforce its own sanctions.
There was no answer at the Costa Mesa, Calif. office of an ICN spokesman when a reporter called for comment.
The company has 36.4 million shares outstanding.
Meese arrived in Ecuador Thursday after a five-hour stop in Colombia.
Van Leuven said later that referred to a long-range plan for improving the plant, and that a phased restart of plutonium operations could begin before that plan is ready.
As a result of Romania's severe energy shortage, however, there have been big cuts in aluminium output over the past three years.
He explained to the committees that "standing down doesn't mean telling them to stop, it's just a pause while you sort things out."
The 15-year news veteran of Gannett was formerly a senior editor of USA Today.
They don't deserve secret wars cooked up by armchair Rambos; they deserve to see our Constitution preserved, protected and defended."
House Speaker Thomas S. Foley, D-Wash., said the Frank case would be considered on the floor Thursday.
"Ferruzzi didn't do anything wrong," said Larry Friedman of Ferruzzi's outside public relations firm.
This British colony is finding it ever harder to retain its best and brightest people as the date for Hong Kong's return to Chinese sovereignty draws nearer.
Separately, four Morton Thiokol workers were killed and one was seriously injured in a fire that destroyed an MX missile plant in Utah.
The productivity of the engine plant is high - 99.88 per cent of engines coming off the assembly line achieve right first time firing.
That paved the way for a dialogue with the United States after a 13-year American refusal to deal with his Palestine Liberation Organization.
A teen-age boy is propelled by a surge in the crowd toward a young, frightened-looking policeman.
That would suggest Mr. Soros's own fortune has slumped $100 million or more this month.
Gabriele Schmitt, a trader with the Bank of New York, said she expected the dollar to be stable in the near term because of the uncertainty in Panama.
Inside the hotel, however, she feels protected by the presence of UN troops who are billeted there. The RPF victory has sounded the clarion call for the Tutsi diaspora to return home.
The Church Commissioners, who are responsible for the church's main investments, have warned that the proportion of clergy stipends met from investment income will decline from 45 per cent to as little as 30 per cent by 1995.
American Stores said it would begin a tender offer "promptly."
B.I., a maker of electronic systems for monitoring prisoners, and St. Paul Bancorp, a Chicagobased bank holding company, both received positive mentions in this week's edition of Barron's.
He responds that his expertise permits him to suggest only what AIDS is not.
According to GM's latest sales reports, through May 10, the Pontiac Division's sales have increased 3.9 percent for the 1988 model year, while Oldsmobile's sales have fallen 12.9 percent during the same period.
Such laws require government agencies to conduct their business in public, but they have spawned numerous disputes over whether agency officials may informally discuss contested cases among themselves in private.
Conceding there isn't a medical proof of the phenomenon, she says, "I feel sorry for the nonbelievers who can't enjoy God's miracles."
But North had to submit them three months ago when he decided to testify near the close of his criminal trial.
'Nobody has yet invented a brand in this business,' claims Mr Hans Snook, Orange's managing director.
Will the backbenches have it?
The Globe said he plans to return to Beirut after completing his fellowship.
Gold rose to $397.30 a troy ounce on the Commodity Exchange in New York, up from late Monday's $395.10.
The magazine didn't cite the Ultradrive as a serious safety hazard, and neither the Center for Auto Safety nor Chrysler have reports of serious injury or death from the problem.
Then, an inebriated woman might not be able to fight off an attacker.
The bacteria also were used in June, after the supertanker Mega Borg exploded 57 miles off Galveston.
After fleeing to Thailand, the Khmer Rouge set up camps where reportedly they hold refugees from the war as virtual prisoners.
"They didn't care about the curve in his spine and a hump on his back that have been worsening for three years," she says, displaying a diagnosis from Moscow Clinical Hospital No. 59.
"It's going to be a hard-hitting, journalistic magazine," she said.
The machinery sector, Switzerland's biggest industry, has been hit hard by international competition.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Charles R. Schwab said "the company continues to generate significant cash flow despite the current lackluster stock market trading environment."
One rainy night he rescues 54 people from a burning plane. There he is, juddering through outer Chicago in his noisy-wipered car, when the steel monster falls from the sky.
Koop, speaking at a news conference where he issued the surgeon general's latest annual report on smoking, said smoking rates are also higher among blacks, blue-collar workers and less educated people.
Cell was followed closely by the New England Journal of Medicine, a weekly magazine for doctors, and two general science magazines, Science and Nature.
This, more than anything else the SEC is doing, worries the municipal bond industry.
While Westerners continued to flee occupied Kuwait with tales of low food supplies and looting by Iraqi troops, international pressure grew against Saddam to withdraw from the oil-rich emirate he invaded and annexed.
According to the study, 23.1 percent of rural children were poor while 29.6 percent of the children in the central cities were poor in 1987.
Experienced mountaineers usually take two days to hike the roughly 16 miles to Mount Whitney's summit from the trailhead at 9,000 feet, near Lone Pine.
But few offer anything other than disaster.
Prosecutors are relying heavily on court-approved wiretaps from late 1987 and early 1988 to provide evidence that Aguilar tried to influence the outcomes of cases by approaching two fellow judges and assisting in criminal appeals.
A lower court agreed and dismissed the case, but an intermediate appeals court reversed that decision.
"I don't see any legal reason or otherwise why he shouldn't be elected to the speakership," attorney Bill Willms said.
Some officials believe the greenback may fall of its own accord to levels within the G-7's secret ranges, obviating any new G-7 action.
Presidential spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Bush recognizes that he cannot get a good deal from Congress on capital gains and income taxes.
"It doesn't have to be sold until May 1989."
Mr. Mendelson said the two men, who are the company's sole owners, turned their attention to stocks after the south Florida real-estate market went soft around 1983.
Her hair was tucked under a yellow kerchief.
Rocketdyne officials did not put a price on each engine but said the company's contract to develop it was worth about $30 million.
The most prestigious gold medal, in the overall category, went to Switzerland, with West Germany winning the silver and the U.S. team the bronze.
He mounted the old classic ballets, in elaborate stagings, throughout the world; starred in them, and was filmed in them.
A bar owner put on the dog for visiting Vice President Dan Quayle, mixing sarcasm with his special of the day.
Targets, strategies - even visions - for the European opportunity in the early 1980s look limp and rather weary as we confront the 1990s.
Decisions to extend cover might become more disciplined. Unfortunately the chances of such a radical approach look slim.
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Wespercorp closed at 37.5 cents a share, down 6.25 cents.
It identified the victims as 28-year-old Ziad Added Mohammed Banna and 32-year-old Salim Ali Jesh, both from the Gaza Strip.
On Sunday, he declined to discuss his resignation, effective when his contract expires in 1990.
If that is indeed his guiding principle now, the Berlioz Harold in Italy showed that it does not cramp his insights.
In other measures: - Louisiana is cutting the waiting time for a divorce in half by no longer requiring a six-month separation before a couple files for divorce. "Our attempts to legislate morality in the divorce process have been unsuccessful.
UAL and pilot-union advisers say tax advantages available to employee stock-ownership plans would help the company pay down its debt more rapidly.
Management is offering to raise the basic pay to $84, but that would include a cost-of-living adjustment that has not yet been computed, state television reported.
In earlier rulings, the judge found that Hispanic agents were often relegated to what one Hispanic agent has described as the "taco circuit" - working in Hispanic neighborhoods or doing language translations.
The nationalized coal company said several of the code's provisions were "clarified" to eliminate misunderstanding and correct misrepresentations made by leaders of the National Union of Mineworkers.
He drew 52 barbs _ more than 10 times Democrat Lloyd Bentsen's total of five.
Britain, France and the United States remain the supreme authority in West Berlin and can, if necessary, control the telephone and mail services and police department.
The operative had been recruited in 1985 by North.
Statoil holds a 51 per cent stake in each of the Midgard licences.
October and the actively traded January platinum both lost $4.20 an ounce, ending at $371.70 and $374.20, respectively.
Companies that offer signing bonuses run the risk of creating dissension among managers who don't receive such enticements.
Academy Insurance Group Inc. holders approved increasing authorized common stock to 150 million shares from 100 million.
One senior administration intelligence official says Mr. Casey's worst mistake was squandering a golden opportunity to improve the political foundations on which secret agencies must operate in a democracy.
Yet its 126 rooms are perennially empty.
President Ranasinghe Premadasa has invited the Red Cross to send officials to Sri Lanka to help ease the conflict between Sinhalese rebels and the government, an official statement said Monday.
With his pugnacious ebullience, Gen. Schwarzkopf made us feel wonderful; he was a super-Rocky, a nose tackle with a great love of the game.
Despite the global stock market crash, for the full year Philippine unit trusts turned in the best median, or midrange, performance with a 51.45% gain.
And so, I think it's just rather that there was a period where I didn't do as much of it.
Adds his former Senate opponent, Henson Moore, who opposes advertising restrictions: "Let the public make the decision whether (the ads) are right or wrong."
He has written about her before, talked of her on the radio, and even regaled David Letterman's millions of viewers with his memories of her.
If confirmed, he would be would be the first New Englander to serve on the Supreme Court since the retirement of Justice Felix Frankfurter in 1962.
It is attempting to solve its problems, not, in my opinion, trying to set direction for the nation.
Then-President Reagan vetoed the bill, but Congress is expected to pass it again this year. President Bush said on the campaign trail he would veto it.
With the Treasury strapped for cash, the subsidy will have to come from consumers. Since public opposition forced the coal review, the government may be tempted to make the costs as obvious as possible through a direct levy.
Thirteen deaths in seven states since Thursday night were blamed on the weather.
Since its debut, however, Entertainment Weekly has been greeted with noticeable disappointment.
Barry S. Friedberg, director of investment banking division, Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, says: "We all face some formidable competition.
People are well aware of their own self-interest and use cards for convenience rather than credit.'
Investigators believe the ring made millions by purchasing handguns, assault rifles and grenade launchers from Lebananese militiamen.
But even Rep. Neal acknowledges that's a hard line to sell to his congressional colleagues or to most American citizens.
Analysts said the LX platform won't come out before the 1996 model year.
In a May 1980 Gallup Poll, 53% of women preferred Mr. Carter, 35% Mr. Reagan.
Many are unable to borrow because banks have cut back their lending he said.
The Godot-expecting tramps Vladimir and Estragon are downgraded in Endgame to Hamm's legless, dustbinned 'accursed progenitors', Nagg and Nell, who too have spent happy days in the French countryside, or think they have.
Elsewhere, showers extended along the northern Pacific Coast.
The recalled cans and packets bear an expiration date of between August 1988 and October 1991: from "USEBY 8 88" through "EXP 1 OCT 91," or have the following batch codes: MKH81, MKH82, MLH46, and MLH47.
There was a time in American history when the primary line of attack was that capitalist interests were dragging the country into wars and disputes.
It also noted that INS Western regional officials had chartered jets to fly to conferences when commercial flights were available.
The Merc membership has lined up his initial bout in the form of a referendum next Thursday on whether to sharply cut members' trading fees.
THE DOWNTURN in the Japanese economy has claimed another victim, the pampered university student.
She holds up a letter.
President Francois Mitterrand, apparently trying to bring the conference back to its original intent, told reporters Thursday night that "at the moment, there is no ban" on producing chemical weapons.
Six candidates are from the Communist Party Central Committee and 60 percent to 70 percent are party members, he said.
Suez says that this gives it a free hand to run the company and that it is confident a tough manager can double Generale de Belgique's profits by 1991.
That means carefully scripted, highly quotable utterances that make the candidate look strong and convey his message and will be rebroadcast time after time after time in the network news coverage that follows the debate.
He felt the oath that he had taken as vice president was sufficient to assume the office of president, but in order to forestall any problems, he took a second oath.
The minister notified authorities, who rushed to the home south of Knoxville and found Mrs. Sweeten still on the telephone, threatening to kill herself.
The grand marshal was Shirley Temple Black, 60, who enjoyed the same honor 50 years ago when she was Hollywood's child acting sensation.
Some agencies are expected to be affected more than others, because McKernan has pledged to preserve critical services, particularly those provided through the departments of Mental Health, Corrections and Human Services, as much as possible.
Lorie said the studio is worried about tabloid exploitation, particularly because one actor on each of the previous movies died shortly after shooting was completed.
Richard Nixon, however, didn't respond to feelers the company put out.
As in the 1970s there was 'no co-ordination and no leadership'. He was convinced the crisis could have been avoided had European finance ministers agreed a 'credible' package ahead of the Maastricht vote.
Successful overseas industrialists could be forgiven for asking why Britain tarried well into the final decade of the 20th century before setting up a Foundation for Manufacturing Industry (FMI).
Two other GOP amendments fell easily after Democrats raised parliamentary objections.
For the current fiscal year, the strike has been settled, and orders for hydraulic products are strong, Mr. Powers said.
You must not lose complete communication with an enemy because ignorance can cause mistakes," he said.
But the market is also a political animal.
Privatization shares generally have spurted on their first day of trading.
Shares in Elsevier, which is planning a 10-for-1 share split to improve liquidity, ended down Fl 2.10 at Fl 171.90 in Amsterdam.
On each side, across moats, two families of gorillas recently brought to the zoo kept a greater distance from onlookers but remained mostly in the open and not in their shelters.
Israel radio quoted Transport Minister Moshe Katzav as saying air service could increase tourism to a beach resort built by settlers in the south of Gaza, near Khan Yunis refugee camp.
Education officials approved a plan for rewriting New York's elementary and high-school history lessons to include more about the contributions of minority Americans.
I have great dreams for my country and I want to achieve them." But she acknowledged her vision might be a bit fanciful.
Mr. Rice is returning to private life.
What are known as 'pioneer' units will get subsidies if they come, varying from Rs5m to Rs1.5m and depending on size.
The soybean market opened with a burst of buying linked partly to new export sales of the commodity and partly to lingering bullishness from the previous session.
Others go blissfully on, voting large raises for themselves and constituents, handing out dollars for pet projects where their greatest poitical support is, and not enacting any really meaningful reform for both social and economic issues.
Hoskyns launched a Windows version of PMW in January 1993: the DOS version has been available since 1991.
The total price of the deal was not disclosed, but Airbus said each of the jetliners costs about $62 million.
"We have conquered Jalalabad from the opponents," said Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Nabi Amani, quoting the province's military commander, Gen.
Tonight, the Democratic and Republican leadership and I all speak with one voice in support of this agreement.
New York City and New Jersey won't receive the news well. Judged the most discourteous, receptionists there were "very abrupt, wouldn't let me finish sentences and gave me the runaround," he says.
But even if the Fed doesn't act that quickly, banks are likely to raise their prime lending rate soon.
Iglesias said this year's total income figure would be worse, only a little over zero overall.
It also guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament.
A whole city block, including a large department store, was engulfed in flames in the most serious outbreak of violence in any city outside Beijing.
They had to sell as prices were plunging because redemption demands from investors exceeded the funds' cash positions.
"I remain hopeful," said House Speaker Thomas Foley (D., Wash.).
The Agriculture Department on Thursday estimated Soviet grain production this year at 200 million metric tons, 10 million below earlier forecasts, and said there would be a resulting rise in imports.
She notes that European women usually prefer iridescents, Americans and Japanese like rose, and Middle Eastern and South American women prefer cream.
We'll do it again next year." Yields on 30-year Treasury bonds rose in Thursday's auction to the highest level in a year.
The load factor fell to 52% from 52.7% a year earlier.
Autopsies after the two bodies were exhumed failed to determine the cause of the two deaths, authorities said.
Other movies include "Evil in Clear River," "Children in the Crossfire" and "Miracle on Ice."
On the last cut, "Slash and Burn," he bites hard, but he still offers a head-bobbing beat.
Former officer David Grove, one of the defendants, suggested taking some of the marijuana, Ryan said.
'We are not trigger happy,' he said.
Chimneys fell in the East German border village of Vacha, and several people were injured there, the state-run agency said.
Dealers said position-squaring after the gains early in the week dominated yesterday's session.
Both Iran and Syria _ which also helped negotiate the hostage releases _ are thought seeking closer ties with the West to help rebuild flagging economies, Iran's shattered by war.
The fourth director, Birmingham attorney J. Mason Davis, cited other time commitments in his resignation.
"We have been through these cycles before," Will Price, president of Chevron's Chevron USA unit, says.
Fidelity Investments, the Boston-based mutual fund and discount brokerage firm, offers a teaching kit titled "You and Money" free to parents.
In December 1989, the Soviet Union and South Korea opened "consular departments" in their trade offices in each other's capitals and began limited consular service.
Non-performing activities will have to be dealt with more quickly than in the past.
The Big Board's share of the stock-trading business continues to decline as regional, overseas and electronic exchanges continue to win more volume.
That poll of Ohio residents showed Dukakis with a nearly 3-1 lead over Jesse Jackson _ 62 percent to 22 percent _ with 16 percent undecided and a 3.5 percent margin of error.
Vidyacharan Shukla, who held a half-dozen Cabinet posts between 1966 and 1980, is the new foreign minister.
If it doesn't happen, he says, the stock still could rise $5 to $6 in due course.
Since 1986, the bank's index has risen 8.8%, compared with a 5.7% increase in the CPI.
Conductor Eugene Ormandy, director of the Philadelphia Philharmonic for more than four decades, died at age 85.
The first three trips were given to faculty members who were told that the gifts were in gratitude to teachers who helped the mystery man when he was a student.
The stock market overcame an early round of profit-taking to record a solid advance in response to better-than-expected news on the July trade deficit.
Federal Judge Milton Pollack was authorized to decide how to distribute the $1.3 billion Michael Milken and others are to pay to settle lawsuits.
Revenue rose 25 percent to $4.25 billion from a restated $3.41 billion a year earlier.
And sales of J-body subcompacts, the small-car staple of every GM sales division, have stalled as supplies have burgeoned to nearly 150 days, more than double the desired level.
One group that has more than curiosity at stake is the U.S. tuna fleet, which mostly sails out of San Diego.
The fire was put out by London Fire Brigade and the body of a man was found inside the car," the Scotland Yard statement said.
Adkin says two Army Rangers also died when their parachutes failed to open.
Separately, the Navy announced that the Convair division of General Dynamics Corp. has been selected to manufacture 70% of the Tomahawk sea-launched and ground-launched cruise missiles to be ordered in fiscal 1988, which began Oct. 1.
Late last year, that shutdown, which will result in about 2,200 workers being laid off, was scheduled for mid-March.
The Senate bill would declare acquired immune deficiency syndrome a "public health emergency" and require the Department of Health and Human Services to submit an annual plan of action to fight the disease.
In London, the dollar fell slightly against the British pound, and traders said it was due to the poor showing of the governing Conservative Party in European Parliament elections.
AmeriTrust, based in Cleveland, said it increased reserves for loan losses by $78.1 million, and expects to report a loss of $60 million for the second quarter.
The bank's board is scheduled to meet today to review management's recommendation that the bank cut the per-share quarterly dividend to 30 cents from 75 cents.
In 1969, under Communist leader Gustav Husak _ a Slovak _ Slovakia became a separate republic.
Within the last month stocks held on the London Metals Exchange have finally started to fall. With 2.5m tonnes of metal still held in LME warehouses, though, the equilibrium looks fragile.
The company said it may limit its purchases to $20 million principal amount tendered, subject to proration.
He adds that the test has faultlessly identified more than a dozen known carcinogenic substances in experiments on its reliability.
Prices farmers got for raw products at mid-March were unchanged from February and up 7.4 percent from a year earlier.
On Thursday, the contract jumped $1.10 to $18.06.
High on the ramparts of this blistering hell of life, I sit and see the Truth."
"So long as America keeps its hostile attitude toward Iran, there will be no sign of any changes and there will be no negotiations," Rafsanjani said Tuesday in a television interview monitored in Nicosia.
The urban operation is part of a national military maneuver which now includes actions in 9 of the 14 provinces of the country.
Now the U.S. Hot Rod Association says it will "conduct its own independent, objective test" Friday using Bearfoot, the truck used in the ads.
We have to raise wages for the entry level, but we're not passing it through the organization.'"
In recent weeks, managements at Gillette Co. and Irving Bank Corp. came perilously close to losing control of their boards in heated proxy contests.
Stock prices fell in Japan, with the key index on the Tokyo exchange closing 2 percent lower.
In New York, most of the victims are blacks, Hispanics and Asians.
McCloskey contends that while he and others were sent off to combat, Robertson ducked combat duty using the influence of his father, the late Sen. A. Willis Robertson, D-Va.
The Salvation Army refused to give details of its relationship with the three defendants.
There is surely no good reason why she should be prevented from delivering such a message.
"We better face up to reality."
The monarch apparently plans to hand the country back to his father, deposed in a military coup in 1990.
He did not say how many would lose their jobs and how many would be transferred.
So Costner and Houston meet, put up the barred gates and video cameras and then -still 90 minutes to go - fall in love. As anyone knows who has been a bodyguard, you cannot guard someone and fall in love.
"Abandonment of the uninsured is becoming a societal disgrace and a financial disaster for many hospitals," said Edward Thomas, president of Detroit Receiving Hospital and chairman of the Michigan Hospital Association.
What the ad neglects to say is that the Maple Leaf, along with all other bullion coins, has in fact plunged in value since the crash amid slumping gold prices.
This policy is funded to the maximum allowed by the Inland Revenue. In February this year, I took on a full-time job in addition to my self-employed work, and I joined my employer's superannuation scheme.
Exchanges employ entrance guards, bouncers and metal detactors to protect themselves from attack.
It is unclear what importance the FDA attached to such evidence during Dr. Cooper's tenure.
Ethiopian authorities have said no major foreign aid worker presence in the north will be allowed until the rebellions in Eritrea and Tigre are ended.
During the ceremony at Maiquetia airport, the 72-year-old president slumped heavily against a wall in the hot weather, and officials rushed to offer the French leader a chair, witnesses said.
Fighting inflation is Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's No. 1 economic priority and her Conservative government has increased interest rates to 15 percent to try an slow down demand.
Jiang was the surprise choice to head the 48 million-member Communist Party after the faction-riven party on June 24 ousted Zhao Ziyang, a relative reformist accused of aiding the pro-democracy student movement crushed earlier that month.
His account of his first scene - starting with a very difficult piece of grand rhetoric - is the only over-florid part of his or anyone's performance. Most remarkable is Jules Melvin as Tamar - a kitten, then a tiger; a princess, then a young crone.
The ethics committee said there was "reason to believe" Wright received gifts from Mallick who, according to the panel, had a direct interest in legislation.
North's lawyers contended in pleadings filed Oct. 11 that there was no fraud or theft because the government didn't own the weapons after they were sold to Secord and Hakim, who acted as middlemen in the transactions.
Less than a week ago in the early morning hours of August 2nd, Iraqi armed forces, without provocation or warning, invaded a peaceful Kuwait.
It is a nightmare.
Federal Express and Airbus officials wouldn't disclose financial terms of the agreement.
When Williams' died, two women were at the hospital in labor, but they were transferred by ambulance to Montgomery, where they delivered.
They say that will depend on how many countries ask for it, and how many promise to meet the conditions. The bank and fund require some austerity policies from the borrowing countries in return for help.
The announcement of the takeovers, coming just one day after Bush unveiled his plan to deal with the S&L crisis, reflected the impact the president's proposals were already having.
The works themselves were carefully conserved to bring out colors and features hidden for centuries.
Nope, he replied, "He's always in the front of our minds." Jordan got the Chicago comeback rolling in earnest two minutes into the last period, when his three-point goal cut the Sixers' lead to four.
"We don't want to produce throwaway cars.
Cooper's belief that these were from the missing 10th symphony was reinforced by the discovery of additional sketches in the Beethoven archive in Bonn, the paper said.
So many farmers are cutting irrigation and fertilizer use to hold down costs this year that corn yields are expected to fall.
That means that even with demand so weak, more than 15 producers might be competing for the same end-user.
But one day, something really will have to be done. The author is the former chairman of Midland Bank and former deputy governor of the Bank of England.
It refused to bar the IRS's claims and dismissed McKay's 1985 petition as filed long after the 90-day deadline.
Analysts said Tuesday's rally also was stoked by rumors, which proved unfounded, that the Agiculture Department had revised recent soybean supply-and-demand statistics.
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule, Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration.
The Times said the reinforcements will come from 27 Air Force units with about 10,000 personnel.
The shares closed at $28.875, down $6.75, in heavy national over-the-counter trading.
It reported extraordinary profits of BFr5.9bn.
But the price hikes already were in the works before the spill because of a complicated series of production and market factors, Attorney General Ken Eikenberry said Wednesday.
On the tape, Harris said he was going to give her a warning ticket, but they began talking about divorce and families.
An exception was in the District of Columbia, where Democrats nominated Sharon Pratt Dixon for mayor, the clear outsider in a five-candidate field.
Our offer applies to all 1,000 houses and flats on our 78 sites in England and Wales.' Lovell wants to boost sales by at least 10 per cent.
The protest was significant because Taiwan students rarely get involved in politics.
The president's new budget calls for a revamped job-training and job search program for "displaced" workers that would cost nearly three times the $344 million appropriated for the current fiscal year.
Then, after a mere four years of fame, most Elsies are put out to pasture.
You look like you just walked out of prison.
Besides, "I'd not regard myself as a stereotype accountant.
Jagger will appear in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth on his Australian tour.
She reaffirmed U.S. support for civilian government.
Khamenei has endorsed the candidacy of Rafsanjani, a political ally and the only declared candidate so far.
General Electric Co. abruptly replaced the president of its GE Information Services unit with W. James McNerney Jr., general manager of GE Mobile Communications.
Police obtained an arrest warrant for Caroline Winfield on a charge of child abduction because Kimberly is a ward of the state, said Chicago police Lt.
The Asahi report, based on public announcements of all Cabinet ministers' assets Tuesday, also alleged he violated a government regulation by acting as president of his family brewery for several months while holding a Cabinet post.
The diet doesn't seem to have hurt his health.
The agency has estimated that tens of thousands of people become ill yearly from such contamination.
The stocks of bank merger candidates have been hit especially hard in the market's downturn.
Initially lukewarm to the idea of parental choice when it comes to their child's school, Cavazos has since enthusiastically embaced what has become the centerpiece of Bush's education initiative.
Pre-tax profits plunged 44 per cent to Y92.8bn from Y166.2bn a year ago. This is the first drop in sales and pre-tax profits suffered by Nintendo since 1990, when it reported lower results because of a change in its year-end.
Most of the more than 200 recipes in the book are geared toward beginners.
They also have become large purchasers of Fannie Mae's corporate debt, buying $2.4 billion in Fannie Mae bonds during the first nine months of the year, or almost a tenth of the total amount issued.
The company noted it had a 25% compound annual earnings-per-share growth from continuing operations in the five-year period ending with 1991.
But the government is hardly likely to do that," said Mayor Peter Muller.
In July 1992, a benign tumour was removed from his colon.
"This could be an international incident," City Council member David Mann said Tuesday.
What's more, he's "not scary." That's how the Republican presidential nominee sized up President Reagan during an impromptu lunch with two fifth graders he plucked at random from a crowd at a downtown rally in Pekin, Ill.
The suit was filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York, just one week after Daimler-Benz announced it had signed a preliminary agreement with UTC to allow their jet engine divisions to operate as a single company on certain ventures.
The gains reflect the acquisition of Heritage Communications in August 1987 as well as continued internal growth.
Statements from both the union and USX said negotiations were scheduled to end Nov. 10.
But, the way some local folk see it, Peterborough may be turning into Their Town.
One of Britain's Sunday newspapers recently printed a list of things #1 million could buy.
Here are excerpts from an informal question-and-answer session that President Bush held Sunday with reporters after his joint press conference with Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev at the conclusion of their two-day summit.
On Dec. 18, controls on foreign exchange were lifted.
The eight arrested yesterday face up to 15 years in jail.
He can't spend money, but he can sure smell it."
Importers' representatives were said to be meeting with officials of Brazil's Sugar and Alcohol Institute.
The brewery, which had the capacity to brew 25.3 million barrels each year, shipped only 16.25 million barrels in 1987.
Australian unemployment declined to a seasonally adjusted 8.1% of the labor force in August from 8.2% a year earlier and 8.3% in July, the Bureau of Statistics said.
But 85 percent of the island's 4,300 residents have signed petitions against the planned air strip.
Equally abundant is evidence that she went to great lengths to keep in touch with prominent Republicans and members of the Reagan administration.
The victor took more than 90 percent of the black vote, half the Hispanic vote and about 30 percent of the white vote.
Another drew grunts of approval from the crowd as she recalled Stalin's time, when goods were cheap and queues were short.
White House Budget Chief James Miller has warned Congress that it must find savings someplace to offset the cost of the drug bill if it is to avoid triggering across-the-board budget cuts under the Gramm-Rudman law.
They accurately predicted to the White House what Saddam Hussein's overall strategy would be toward the U.S. and its allies, including the launching of Scud missiles at Israel and Saudi Arabia, and the destruction of Kuwaiti oil wells.
I never had to worry about where I was going to go." Quayle, 41, has constantly had to defend himself against charges he is unqualified to be a heartbeat away from the presidency.
The planned sale announced Friday would complete a major step in Texaco's post-Chapter 11 restructuring.
The vanished whale they named Knik, one of 28 Eskimo words for snowflake.
There were 24 fatalities confirmed Wednesday, and toll could reach 30 dead, said John Plunk, acting director of the Illinois Emergency Services and Disaster Agency.
In 1973, the three-man crew of the U.S. space laboratory Skylab 2 made a safe splashdown in the Pacific after spending 59 days in orbit.
Wind gusted to 53 mph in Boston and gusts reached 78 mph at the Blue Hill Observatory.
Melanie Griffith has finally found her niche and is quite believable as Maria Ruskin, a manipulating bubblehead.
It also is taught in Indiana and most of Missouri and Kansas.
And that is the story not only of those Finns, but of all the peoples who braved the seas to settle in and build my country, a land of freedom for a nation of immigrants.
Mr. Mugabe's government isn't so clearly bent on destroying the church at this time as it is on using the church.
Mr Chapchal, a trained accountant, heads SQL Systems International, a Surrey-based management systems software company. He was originally invited into SQL by a group of venture capital firms to help stem its losses.
About $3.5 billion of securities may be affected, Moody's said.
Chase Manhattan Corp. announced first Thursday and was quickly followed by Republic National Bank of New York.
The central bank will not be able to use monetary policy effectively until the banking sector acts competitively.
Before holding the positions of chairman, president and chief executive of Mack Trucks, Mr. Reins was president and chief executive of ITT Corp.'s automotive division from 1987 to 1989.
Before that he had worked as a management consultant with Boston Consulting Group.
There has been speculation here that interest rates may be headed higher because consumer demand threatens to outpace domestic production, leading to a surge of imports that would weaken the British pound and spur inflation.
The handicapped find access barred.
A pathologist concluded that Mirecki had an abnormal fear of being pulled under water and died of heart failure and drowning when he was forced under water during training.
Cash reserves rose from Pounds 528m to Pounds 876m, and the company's net cash (including that held by its joint-venture subsidiaries) is Pounds 1.46bn.
For other Seabrook owners, the emergence of a buyer for the Massachusetts Municipal stake would ease a pending financial pinch.
UAL stock rose $12 to $154.50 a share Monday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
"They are sergeants, but I am the bonafide general in this war," he said.
As part of that agreement, Mr. De Benedetti will be named vice chairman of Generale de Belgique and will control three other seats on the board of about 20 members.
The company said it sold more than $50 million of sunglasses, eyeglasses and related lens products in 1989, compared with with $55 million in 1983.
"To get to this level in China, I've had to buy my way in," she says.
And they had plenty to smile about: Candy industry news is sugar-coated.
But last night, the House Rules Committee decided to permit it, essentially turning the vote into a test of organized labor's muscle on Capitol Hill.
Immigration commissioner Alan Nelson was put on the spot at a news conference Thursday when a reporter told him critics of the INS say that the civics test questions are not as simple as Nelson suggests.
Giuliani, who gained fame with a string of high-profile prosecutions as U.S. attorney in Manhattan, hopes to fashion a fusion candidacy in the mold of John V. Lindsay in 1965, the last Republican to win City Hall.
Even though he has given up on the nomination, the former television evangelist expressed determination to make his mark on the GOP.
The call came from the official Communist youth union last week.
East Germany and West Germany plan to merge their economies and social institutions by July 2, when the West German mark will become the currency of East Germany.
We closet them in faceless daycare centres while we go out in pursuit of more money.
A few investors were said to have corralled most of that issue as well as the April notes, resulting in a "short squeeze."
But three of the holders, the filing says, weren't in California at the time.
But since 1981, WIN funds have declined 70%, limiting the resources for education and training, according to the report.
He was troubled about flaws in the company's operating procedure, and felt the only way to clear the slate was to divulge everything he knew.
At 65, he has a chance to finally do what he always wanted to do.
Nearly 400 people died in the town.
His lawyer, Stephen Coffey, refused to comment about the case.
Pretax profit rose to 423 million pounds, or $668 million, from 270 million pounds during the same period last year.
The first mortgage bonds, noncallable for 10 years, were priced at a spread of 85 basis points above the Treasury's 30-year bond.
"I see it as a friendly arm around the shoulder of America. Saying how we in England used to have an empire and it got frittered away.
In unison, they have in recent days complained of diminishing business, of rising non-performing loans and of high interest rates. Taken together, the net profits of the top six domestic banks fell by more than 7 per cent last year.
The picture has a fluid momentum, beautifully sustained by Sue Gibson's gifted camera work and John Altman's breezy score.
Mr. Usry couldn't be reached to comment, either at his home or his office.
Minnesota officials said Monday the outbreak of salmonella javiana was definitely linked to tomatoes.
Last year, Canada's constitutional referendum coincided with the Blue Jays' victory parade, after the baseball players became the first non-US team to win the World Series.
Twelve hours' notice is given for landing.
Even before the war, Kuwaiti money-managers were relatively optimistic about investment prospects in the Soviet Union and Eastern European countries. But their previous Soviet loans were relatively small.
Salvucci said 1,500 employees have been working on the engines, and 100 to 150 more workers will be added in the second quarter of 1990 because of the Navy's decision.
His commitment to a free-market economy has attracted brilliant economists.
The Supreme Court today turned down the appeal of an Ohio biochemist who sued for libel after he was called a "quack" and an "outrageous hoke artist" for opposing fluoridation of San Antonio's water supply.
PPG Industries Inc., which is studying joint ventures in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, says it doesn't think its position is any different today than a week ago.
That's because studies by Molina and others suggest the clouds enhance chemical reactions that allow chlorine from CFCs to break down ozone.
In any case, what we need to do at home to relieve international economic tensions is what we should do in our self-interest.
Separately, the company said that it will begin shipping two new products next month, and that it has obtained a commitment from Midlantic National Bank for a $1 million line of credit to be used for working-capital purposes.
The lines represent almost 15% of the company's total revenue.
It also defined as a public utility holding company any individual or entity that owns 10% or more of the voting securities of a firm that produces, transmits and distributes electricity for sale.
Compaq said it earned $58 million, or $1.40 a share on a fully diluted basis, up from $36 million, or 94 cents a share, a year earlier.
Few countries speak the same language or even have the same alphabet.
Public Service estimates it costs the utility between $10 million and $14 million each month to buy energy that would have been supplied by the two Peach Bottom units now out of service.
Traded options saw just over 38,000 contracts dealt with BT the most active stock option on turnover of 2,348 lots.
Aside from the gain on the sale of the company's book publishing operations, full-year results included a gain of $13.8 million from earnings from book and other disposed assets.
Mr. Dar says some producers are already responding by withholding less-expensive gas supplies from the spot market.
Insurance companies are eager for the business, Mr. Snyder said, since they prefer strong corporate loans in their portfolios to new commercial real estate mortgages.
The most prominent alleged drug figure arrested so far is Eduardo Martinez Romero.
At present, about 440,000 intis are needed to buy a dollar.
Eugene d'Aquili, an associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania, suggests that the interest in channeling reflects a declining influence of traditional religion.
Despite all this, Heinz continues to look for acquisitions in Europe.
Oregon lawmakers voted last summer to finance only cornea and kidney transplants, joining a minority of states that don't pay for transplant operations such as those of hearts, bone marrow and livers.
The record shows that culture cannot be an important hindrance to prosperity, for a simple reason: culture changes slowly, but economic performance changes rapidly.
Fights broke out when several members from government benches stormed towards the opposition.
The reason is sterling's probable entry in the exchange rate mechanism (ERM) of the European Monetary System (EMS) this year.
Buenos Aires is seeking some $2.1 billion from commercial banks in talks that began last week.
No reason was given for the release of the three Americans among the other captives.
The blurb suggests that the book 'is the extraordinary biography of one of the great sporting individuals of the 20th century.'
His impatience with mistakes of any kind is clearly evident at the baseball game.
New York has been struggling to stop companies from moving out because of high costs.
Texaco Inc. said it completed the previously announced sale of its 99.1% interest in Deutsche Texaco AG to a subsidiary of Rheinisch-West falisches Elektrizitatswerk AG for $1.2 billion.
The Agriculture Department is asking for public comments on how to design the 1989 wheat program.
Babies whose mothers take cocaine during pregnancy _ even once _ can be born with problems that make them harder to care for once they are home.
West German mark government and Eurobond prices ended more than 1/2 point lower in places as equity prices rose and the dollar climbed against most currencies.
There were also Pounds 21.3m of extraordinary charges relating to losses on sale of assets. At the trading level profits grew 5 per cent to Pounds 15.8m.
A case in point: "government-plus" bond funds.
In at least one way, Olympia & York has been a victim of its own reputation for astuteness.
Since 1988, Scandinavian Airlines System has acquired a small stake in Texas Air Corp., owner of Continental and Eastern; Dutch airline KLM joined a group of investors buying NWA; and most recently, British Airways joined a group seeking to buy UAL.
She collapsed Friday night at her home in Miami Beach and was rushed to St. Francis Hospital in a coma.
She hopes to eventually receive a masters degree in fine arts from New York University, specializing in classics and film.
European Unions ministers responsible for the single market meet in Brussels. Informal meeting of the European Union social affairs ministers in Greece. Results from Smith & Nephew and TI Group. FRIDAY: Usable steel production (February).
In his letter, Sokol said fascism and communism had in common "destruction of all democratic rights" and "the method of terror and social demagoguery."
An unusually large number of bills are moving through Congress, including legislation on welfare, drug abuse, spending and two trade measures.
Yeutter and the other trade ministers tried to be optimistic that the farm battle could be resolved.
At the behest of the investment community, the SEC has been looking into wrap accounts for about a year.
His decision would be made less than a week before the end of President Reagan's term in office.
Thursday's invasion gives back to Mr. Hussein two assets he squandered in his eight-year war with Iran: oil wealth and access to the sea.
Analysts said one problem Xerox may face with the software is that it is designed with an out-of-date "user interface," the on-screen graphics and symbols through which the user controls the computer.
The flavour of his childhood, and the dawning of the passion for rivers, are exquisitely captured in the opening chapter of An Open Creel, Waters Of Youth.
"When she landed that time, she played dead with fires going on each side of her," Weed said.
Vegetation will be planted to keep some of the silt and sand in place.
Bush turned down a "Nightline" invitation to appear with Dukakis, but is considering interview requests from other news and talk shows.
Just before Mukasey's ruling, the bid was referred to Britain's Monopolies and Mergers Commission to consider possible anti-competitive consequences in the United Kingdom on such strategic metals as titanium and zircon.
Along the way, they raised five children, four sons and a daughter, and lost a 3-year-old girl to leukemia.
It will be de Klerk's first direct meeting with top anti-apartheid leaders since he replaced P.W. Botha as president Aug. 15.
West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl will visit Poland on Nov. 9-14 at the invitation of non-communist Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki, the state PAP news agency said Friday.
The springs were shot." Major U.S. banks have boosted the prime lending rate back into the double digits for the first time in three years, reflecting the Federal Reserve's drive to push all interest rates higher to stave off inflation.
The experience of both writing at the same time turned out quite well, Carpenter said during a recent interview at the couple's Fifth Avenue apartment, a well-lighted, book-filled home.
Publications will also face a fine of up to $40,000, it added.
He should not worry about pleasing all voters, Mr Tebbit said on BBC television.
"Nobody anymore makes the best cleaner, period," says Ron Smithies, a vice president of the Council of Better Business Bureaus' National Advertising Division.
Gannett, Tinker said, "just made a strategic decision that it's (TV production) a business that they would just as soon not be in, since it's not connected to what they do.
For Arab and Western nations alike, Hussein threatens more than the Gulf's oil supplies.
The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen, the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco.
And she probably won't be the last.
I sensed I had broken a taboo of some sort.
"I'm waiting for this second cut.
He is to arrive in and leave the Central American nation on Feb. 3.
Kingfisher fell 10 to 516p on concern over the rights issue to fund its supposed purchase of Darty, the French electrical retailer.
With revenue for the year of about $1.4 billion, slightly better than when the company went private, Mr. McDonough said Leaseway has "very strong cash flow."
But using outside help can involve large and sometimes subtle costs.
The final figure will depend on profits for 1992 and whether net assets at the end of the period are less than Pounds 1.9m.
One reason is that several GOP incumbents raised large sums to defend themselves against well-financed Democratic attacks.
OREGON DEATH ROW The court let stand rulings Oregon officials say will require new sentencing trials for up to 22 of the state's death row inmates.
Germany has achieved this partly because the securities business has always been the domain of the banks. The London Stock Exchange, meanwhile, has been left to pick up the pieces from the unfortunate episode.
Instead of running 64 hours a week, as intended, 13 of the 23 call sites averaged 49 hours.
There are between 100 and 200 firms scattered across the country with an IP partner, while an average Big Six accountancy firm might have 45 IPs. Stoy's admits that the preferred option is a 'challenging option'.
The firm consented to the fine without admitting or denying the allegations.
Jammu-Kashmir was divided between India and Pakistan after the British colonial India was partitioned on gaining independence in 1947.
The wind did damage some of the containment booms used to corral the oil, Iarossi said.
This is the more unfortunate if, as seems logical, it turns out that in a non-inflationary environment income is all that matters.
The nonunionized subsidiary mostly does work in the South, where unions exercise considerably less influence and open shops are common.
What happened in this short period that could not have been evident years ago?
Also the north has the highest burglary rate in the UK. Given the region's high unemployment levels - second only to Northern Ireland - the surprise is that so many in the north have joined the share-owning democracy.
The projected drop in the deficit with Japan, however, is only $1.8 billion, leaving its deficit at $50.9 billion.
In it, Revlon's board acknowledged that Mr. Bottner's remarks were "insensitive" and emphasized that they didn't reflect company policy.
U.S. foreign aid, I am proud to say, helped leave scientists with that welcome dilemma.
(29) "thirtysomething," ABC, 15.1.
No prior criminal case had involved confidential information passed among several family members.
The Senate calls only for a study.
Swindall was indicted Monday on 10 counts of lying to a grand jury during a money laundering investigation.
He turned down offers to head the FBI and AID, and was considered for Margaret Heckler's health and human services Cabinet post in 1985.
The association represents the nation's 1,000 non-profit, consumer-owned rural electric systems in 46 states.
The plan has served as the blueprint for the expansion of that city until now.
Common Cause said that federal filings show Mr. Spiegel made a $100,000 "soft money" contribution benefiting President Bush's 1988 campaign.
"In nursing, you begin to repeat yourself, and I wanted to grow," she says.
First, the success of the All-Share has led to a general consensus about what is the proper way to construct indices.
Other visitors include Anne-Sophie Mutter, the Pittsburgh Symphony under Maazel and the Orchestra of La Scala under Giulini. MUNICH July 6 - 31 Festspielkasse der Bayerischen Staatsoper, Maximilianstrasse 11, D-80539 Munich, Germany.
Much of the increase was accounted for by industrial machinery and equipment, led by engines and computers.
And despite a strongly anti-abortion plank in the Republican Party's platform, party officials have made clear they do not want the issue to be a litmus test for the party's candidates or supporters.
A decrease in the Fed's discount rate often signals that other short-term loans such as adjustable-rate mortgages and car loans also will become less expensive.
The rear side shows a young woman wearing a white laboratory coat and glaring at a battery of dials and buttons that could be straight out of a bad science fiction movie.
'Often there is a only a millimetre of difference in the size and parts.
Most global, 24-hour trading has been dealer to dealer, with the exception of a number of the large Japanese stocks and a handful of U.S. issues that trade in Tokyo, London and the U.S.
But this is fragile and can shift.'
This year, it predicted that it would be warmer and wetter than normal in the Greater Ohio Valley.
On other markets, grain and soybean futures were mostly lower, precious metals futures were down, livestock and meat prices were mixed and energy prices were mostly higher.
But it also tastes defiantly of real grapes rather than the stinks lab. Too many Chardonnays today (to my probably rather precious palate) taste man-made rather than map-made.
Donald Marron, chairman of PaineWebber Group Inc., recommended reducing it to two days.
The civil suit accused the utility of violating the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO.
And nothing would prove that as much as a rapid reduction in Salomon's balance sheet through sales of securities.
I took two pictures of her in the car.
The 8-6 ruling marked a victory for David Norris, an Irish homosexual and advocate of homosexual rights who filed the case.
He hopes the fare wars won't last past the spring.
Spreads bust outwards but augmented rather than reduced mine. Marks and Spencer Minimiser, polyamide / elastane, sizes 32-36D-E, 38C-E, 40C-DD Pounds 14. Spreads bust effectively but heavy underwire keeps under-arm line smooth.
Georgia Power Co., a unit of Southern Co., Atlanta, said it will ask a Georgia state court to review the recent decision of state utility regulators to grant the company a rate increase substantially less than it requested.
Still, "this has been the most successful year the company has had," said Aleksander Erdeljan, R.P. Scherer's president. "Even withstanding the difficult economy, we remain buoyant and strong.
The American rice was being sold for Y1,850 (Pounds 11.78) per 5kg pack, about 10 per cent cheaper than Japanese rice. The import of foreign rice has been a serious political issue in Japan, provoking protests from farmers.
Some patients used portable equipment to monitor lung capacity before, during and after exposure to chemicals.
Each paid less than $150,000 in fines.
The discount rate is the interest the Fed charges on loans to financial institutions.
Unless Gorbachev can do something to turn the economy around, he may find himself in trouble, said the bleak review which was conducted jointly by the Central Intelligence Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency.
"We are working to keep the fortune," says the prince.
But these orders won't be shipped until 1992, the company said.
The victim's mother, Marilyn Bread, is a former commissioner of the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation and now teaches business at Haskell.
When she was confronted with the fraud allegation, she offered "no admission, no regrets, no penitence," Beckiewicz said.
The same problem plagues other NATO countries, of course.
Takeover fever yesterday continued to send airline stocks soaring.
"I wouldn't want to lay you odds," Secretary of State George P. Shultz said on the chances of reaching agreement in time.
And their manners: each one appeared to have mastered the art of being polite without aloofness, charming without unction. The dress code of the evening was smart by most standards, but casual according to Eton rubric.
I AM the sole beneficiary and executor of the estate of my uncle.
The Finance Ministry analysis also estimates that the plan will result in a net reduction of Mexico's foreign debt by $6.7 billion, and annual net interest savings of $550 million during the first seven years.
Inco posted a 76% decline in first-quarter earnings to $67.7 million, or 64 cents a share, from $276.3 million, or $2.60 a share, a year earlier.
Jakes, dumped from the ruling Politburo on Friday after the mass demonstrations gathered steam, was asked how he felt about the chants heard against him heard at the pro-democracy rallies.
He has stirred up controversy in other strikes for advocating confrontational tactics.
Marcos and his wife, Imelda, 59, have been living in Hawaii since their ouster in a popular uprising in 1986.
"The baby boomers are in the right age bracket to buy pleasure boats," he said.
Strong cash markets boosted live cattle futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, which spurred buying in the adjacent pits.
They were arrested based on statements from the other three youths who were present both nights, said Transit Police spokesman Al O'Leary.
It's already miraculous, and I don't think Americans know enough about the Russians.
Big Board volume totaled 124.15 million shares, down from 148.36 million in the previous session.
Nonetheless, most states have been hesitant to move into the services tax. Reasons often cited include a fear that the tax will add costs to businesses, which then will pass them along to consumers.
"Sometimes, you are talking away, and the person doesn't answer.
The Veterans Administration has taken more than 13,000 beds at VA hospitals out of service while telling Congress that the agency wasn't "making compromises" because of budget cuts, the House Veterans Affairs panel said.
As more stores bring in the fall season's stock, retailers should see much stronger sales, she said.
Kennedy was Reagan's third choice for Powell's seat.
Production of construction supplies declined for the second consecutive month, with a drop of 0.3% in July after a 0.4% drop the month before.
Growing expectations of a realigment in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System, a joint float of eight European currencies, were heightened Friday when the French franc reached another low against the West German mark.
The April contract for unleaded gasoline rose 0.21 cent to 57.35 cents a gallon.
She says the Virginia bank's chairman was "forcefully" told by Mr. Altman not to retain an independent financial adviser and to accept the $42 price as final.
The state Fish and Game Department announced Monday that the Prince William Sound herring fishery, which generates $12 million in annual revenues, will not open this year.
Wallace Trail, a BBC producer who was in the village when the plane crashed, said it was "in chaos at the moment.
The government is settling a lawsuit filed by the widow of a Communist Party leader who was ostracized by his colleagues after the bureau planted a forged document falsely suggesting the man was an informant.
Dunleavy said there had also been improper expenditures in previous years, but that there was no reason Clymer's firm should have discovered them.
South Korea plans to lower tariffs on auto imports, but high taxes will remain.
Kapstein, who has dabbled in the music business as a performer and manager during his 18 years as a public school teacher, wrote and recorded "RUN G.N.P.," a rappin' tribute to the joys of economics.
No one here doubts that he wants to be prime minister, and opinion polls peg him as the front-runner to succeed Mrs. Thatcher.
But only 8.8 percent of the 1988 first-year college students plan to pursue careers in elementary or secondary education.
But even they, he says, have made spectacular mistakes because they had so much to do: they lived them down. Possibly Mr Preston feels lonely.
The following are excepts from Steven Butler's interview with Mr Ishii. Q: Sendai has made big efforts to attract high-technology investments to the region.
Kenya has 40 tribes in a population of 22 million.
The group said the Feb. 24 agreement does not cover copies of CISPES records provided to other agencies such as the Terrorist Information Center, the State Department or foreign police agencies.
First dog Millie's half-dozen puppies went on display for the White House press corps Wednesday as President Bush and his wife Barbara looked on admiringly and chatted with reporters.
FBI spokesman Byron Gigler said coverage of the Wetterling abduction Thursday on the "Geraldo Rivera" show prompted about 75 calls from the public.
But critics question whether the state legislatures in their rush to deregulate plastic have trampled over consumers by allowing the banks to charge high interest rates and the now-prevalent annual fees.
Tuesday's action was relatively calm after the average plummeted 190 points Friday and then bounced back 88 points Monday.
It was a bonanza that was unrepeatable in the circumstances of a vigorous economic recovery, I concluded.
We are learning the hard way the political and economic limits to what modern society can and will support by way of benefits; and at the same time that a significant degree of unemployment may be endemic.
A mandatory comparison of the benefits under different pension schemes - and a clear written statement of the reasons why any transfer should be made - would be good places to start. Still, SIB is not acting alone.
Still other sanctions were contained in an Export Administration Act pending on the Senate calendar.
Much of that money goes to reward its software developers, who receive a commission on revenue for the first six years of a program's life.
Kenneth Kaunda, Zambia's president since independence, is a harsh critic of Western capitalism, but in 1985 he began an economic restructuring plan sponsored by the International Monetary Fund.
It has ruled out pledges for extra spending on training, infrastructure and industrial support policies. Mr Clarke reconvened EDX early in an effort to push through a rapid endorsement by the full cabinet of another tough spending round.
Still, other retailers are also interested, according to Christopher J. Carey, president of Datatec.
The other investor group, led by Nathaniel Thayer, will buy one million shares at $1 each.
The outlawed Irish Republican Army on Saturday claimed responsibility for killing a British soldier in this North Sea port and urged civilians and families not to travel with British troops.
Emperor Hirohito died of cancer Jan. 7 at age 87. His state funeral, held Feb. 24 in Tokyo's Shinjuku Gyoen Imperial Gardens, was attended by more than 10,000 people, including envoys from 164 foreign countries.
As the cold war ebbs, routine, maintenance-related dispatches on the presidential hot line are becoming more informal, said Tom Brothers, manager of the Fort Detrick earth station.
Fish and Wildlife Service field scientists originally recommended that the smelt be granted endangered status because it was rapidly headed for extinction.
BA wanted to introduce an afternoon flight from London which would return from Warsaw in time for transit passengers to transfer onto flights to North American and other destinations.
(64) "Beauty and the Beast," CBS, 7.4.
West German retail sales rose an inflation-adjusted 4% in July from a year earlier, the Federal Statistics Office said.
Additionally, the company said it expects its provision for nonperforming loans to substantially increase in the current quarter, because of some troubled leveraged buy-out investments with which it is involved.
Their house is 15 miles from Clarksdale, and their nearest neighbors are more than a quarter-mile away.
The main thing is making the product good.
The carrier, with a fleet of 88 Boeing-737 model aircraft, is scheduled to take on 10 new 737-300s this year, and to receive an additional nine in 1989.
That would allow Mr Heseltine to announce the decision at the Conservative party conference in mid-October.
They also say it can't be done without risking insider trading abuses, in which stock market insiders can act on corporate news before others can.
Tensions have escalated in Romania since the Front-dominated government introduced price reforms on Nov. 1. The prices of some basic goods since have doubled and tripled, but energy, rents and essential foodstuffs were not affected.
We're seeing you right now pointing the way for the young Americans to build our nation's future.
Macy reported sales of $7.27 billion for the year, up from $6.97 billion a year earlier.
Market watchers said gold's nose dive was triggered by one huge sell order from Saudi Arabia.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration had the technology for the food, but the deadlines, strict specifications and relatively small orders kept major manufacturers from taking on the project.
His book does not elaborate on what technology was offered or whether Digital accepted the offer, The Times said.
Some Democratic strategists think such a stance lets the party look tough and wave the flag in the fashion that made Ronald Reagan so popular with voters.
Siddon said a little more than $2,000 in donations, mostly from children, have come in for Billy, who drinks from a baby bottle and wears a pair of toddler's footed pajamas.
As a result, turnover fell 5 per cent to LFr198bn.
Officials plan next to provide information about day care to employers to pass along to employees.
Using tuition figures for public colleges, which educate about 77% of all students, the payback time is down to about 11 years, from about 17 in 1979, before the big tuition mark-ups.
Other unions will doubtless follow suit, as they did last week when they walked out of a national negotiating meeting at the Justice Ministry. After last week's setback, the French government has been trying to break the dispute area by area.
Playing with a shoe box," Mr. Giles quips.
Three-month money in the sterling cash market rose to 9 1/16 per cent from a previous close of 9 per cent on Thursday night.
Norwegian consumer prices rose 8.9% in the month ended Dec. 15 from a year earlier and 0.4% from a month earlier, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.
The technology at use today in the Gulf is essential to our survival and safety.
It also has about 50,000 acres of woods and farmland abandoned to the county when its owners failed to pay taxes.
Azcona Hoya blamed Nicaragua's leftist Sandinista government for the problem. "A government that creates refugees and political exiles cannot be a good government," he said in an interview Tuesday.
According to Worldwatch Institute, if Congress or the administration were to mandate just a 2 1/2-mile-per-gallon improvement in fuel efficiency for automobiles, we could save about 320 million barrels of oil per year.
For the year, the company's profit and sales each increased just over 3 percent.
Germans in the brigade find French officers downright rude at times, while French find German officers long-winded in their politeness. But by far the biggest point of contact between the two countries is, of course, business.
Stock-index options involve baskets of stocks, such as those represented by the Standard & Poor's 100 and 500 indexes.
Freshness abounds. Michael Bognadov's direction works by an accumulation of small touches.
In the AIDS epidemic, PCR has a half dozen distinct uses, according to Gerald Schochetman of the CDC.
It celebrated the turnround with a dividend of 3p, its first for two years.
The two junior chambers have no power to overrule the white chamber on matters of national policy.
The Environmental Protection Agency has estimated that every 1 percent decline in ozone overhead means an eventual increase in skin cancer of 5 percent to 6 percent.
"The attitude, even now, is somehow against psychotherapy," the doctor says.
Individual investors' appetite remains harder to gauge.
Tree was vice president of the Philippine Cocoa Estate Corp., a Malaysian-Filipino firm.
Much of his day was spent in talks on the crisis caused by Iraq's Aug. 2 invasion of Kuwait.
One easy one would be to relax some of the protectionist restrictions that now keep Koreans from enjoying the full benefits of international trade.
Last month, the EPA and the Colorado Department of Health announced plans to test wells used by 150 homes north and northwest of the arsenal for DIMP.
Light rain dampened Oklahoma and southern Kansas.
If the findings look promising, "then the next step would be to try to reproduce the results elsewhere," he said.
Federal judge Alcee L. Hastings says he's in a "fighting mood" despite a House panel's recommendation for his impeachment, and predicts the Senate will not remove a "real warrior" from office.
He told reporters the 155mm shells were fired from around Marjayoun, headquarters of the Israeli-backed South Lebanon Army, in Israel's self-designated security zone.
In the recession, many British companies declared hundreds of thousands of long-serving employees to be redundant and fobbed them off with frozen deferred pensions.
Last month the ASCS said it was checking specific misdeeds spotted by the AP in its seven-month study of drought payments in 22 counties in eight states.
Burroughs made a hostile acquisition of Sperry, according to Burroughs Chairman W. Michael Blumenthal, because it believed a combination would create a much stronger competitor to industry giant International Business Machines Corp.
Calero noted that when the rebels toured the capital's streets in a small bus, Nicaraguans cheered, saluted and flashed them "V" signs.
The agency also acknowledged last week that many aircraft owners may have postponed purchase of Mode C units awaiting the outcome of an aircraft owners' challenge to the rule, which the FAA rejected only two weeks ago.
No price declines were reported.
The company work frightfully hard throughout the evening: Duato makes them look as if they are suffering from Non-specific Angst.
The issue came up against the backdrop of negotiations for the release of $451.4 million in a New York Federal Reserve Bank account.
Austria actively seeks to attract foreign investors.
The price BankAmerica will receive is based on the average daily close of Schwab stock for the twenty consecutive business days ending the business day before the rights are surrendered.
The company has refused to say how many planes it would have delivered normally.
Mr Pinkerton offers a few colourful examples. 'Network TV is modern - you watch what they put on.
Jurors couldn't decide on the best English-language novel this year, so the $50,000 prize in the Ritz Paris Hemingway literary contest will go to charity, it was announced Thursday.
HOW STRONG is your life insurance company?
But he brings political prowess and personal persuasiveness unmatched at Treasury in modern times.
LAST GASP BEFORE TOLL: Today's the last day to file a new W-4 withholding-tax form with your employer to avoid a possible increase in withholding.
The entire offer will be financed with funds from First National Bank of Chicago and its own equity funds, Gibbons, Green said.
Burns Fry Ltd., sole underwriter, said it was the first asset-backed bond issue in Canada.
Eighty percent of the roads and bridges in Letcher County were damaged by the flood, said county Judge-Executive Reuben Watts, who estimated the repair cost at $1.5 million.
The decision came after a four-hour, closed-door session presided over by Judge Vardimus Zailer.
Those people are just like us.'
A statement issued by the Colombian Embassy said the United States had said it would not interfere with Colombian flag ships, even on the high seas, without the permission of Colombian Defense Ministry.
"Our business gives no indication that the U.S. economy is heading into a storm," Hunter W. Henry, executive vice president, said in a prepared statement.
At a concert recently, featuring a violin virtuoso and a piano accompanist, the virtuoso played beautifully and the accompanist was superb.
Firefighters opened a vent on a blazing, overturned propane tanker Wednesday to try to speed up the burning of a fire that closed two highways and a commuter rail line for a second day, officials said.
But the Real Dinners made it clear that wouldn't work.
The two Democrats held a private meeting when their paths crossed in New Jersey on Sunday, and the Massachusetts governor sounded anything but worried about the prospects for party unity this fall.
As part of a bill raising their government salaries, House members agreed that 1990 will be the last year they will receive honoraria.
The steep drop in the price of oil proved decisive for many of both the best-performing and worst-performing stocks of 1986 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"People have been expecting approval (of Immune Response's AIDS vaccine) in 1993 with no competition," Ms. Gilbert said. "It's more realistic to look for approval in 1994 with competition."
Sumitomo Life said this will be its only link with a foreign investment-management company.
The spokeswoman said that the EC objects to a number of provisions in the trade bill which it considers to be protectionist and to harm EEC interests.
Allbright was elected president of the corporation in September 1987 after having been chairman and chief executive officer of its Target discount store division since 1984.
Most analysts do not expect much to happen on July 1 since many capital controls already have been lifted.
As automakers fight to hold their shares of a shrinking automobile market, the nation's dealers _ the companies' first customers _ are being urged to toughen their act.
He's been here for 40 years now, and has met and played with nearly every bluegrass musician that has traveled through the area.
On top of that, he says, he is increasingly doubtful that his favorite spirit really talks through J.Z. Knight.
"We just want to get them out," said the diplomat. "If there is no charter then we will send them out in batches on regularly scheduled commercial flights to Amman.
"A few people are looking, but nobody's buying." People in the real-estate industry say the environmental movement has also changed what some people seek in a second home.
Tucson Electric, Arizona's second-largest electric utility, has been hurt by its investments in real estate and financial services, and has grappled with an apparent excess construction of generating capacity.
Such a strategy, he said, would disrupt service without forcing all flight attendants to forgo their salaries during the strike.
It was a shocking feeling one can never forget.
Since the U.S. Supreme Court ruled last year that lawyers may solicit business by mail, direct-mail campaigns have proliferated in Houston and other cities.
Eight people were charged with driving while impaired.
An editorial published with the study in the New England Journal of Medicine concluded that the stress of grief is unlikely to cause illness in most people.
This film profiles some of the people who have done so.
For repeats of AP copy, the Service Desk can be reached at (212) 621-1595 or 1596.
Fink said NIH chose Harvard from a national competition, The Harvard Crimson reported Saturday.
The evidence follows previous testimony of high-level efforts in the White House and CIA to cover up the administration's involvement in the sale.
Carlucci's visit to Lisbon followed months of public complaints by Cavaco Silva and other Portuguese leaders that the United States had failed to live up to its pledge in the 1983 base accord to provide increasing amounts of aid.
The business basics are now right, and there is a great bank of talent coming out of the schools and universities.
London brokers have been hit in the past two years by a wave of heavy layoffs as the firms that had invested heavily after the 1986 Big Bang tried to bring bloated costs into line with a leaner and more competitive market.
The hormone ban was imposed because of European concerns the stimulants pose a health risk to consumers, a claim the United States disputes.
It now seems the dogma may be changing.
Leon de Beer, who last week began a two-year prison term for engaging in electoral fraud in his 1987 campaign in Johannesburg's Hillbrow district.
Mr. Raab said these expectations were in line with analysts' estimates.
The IAAO's Mr. Eckert hopes states soon will adopt licensing laws and tougher regulations dealing with this growing industry.
The claimants will get $5,000 to $75,000 each, said Michael Gordon, an attorney for the plaintiffs.
Big bad WGBH of Boston comes in, at his invitation, and makes nearly a half-million dollars in improvements, costing Mr. Dromgoole half that amount.
He said he would have preferred a full referendum of his province's 550,000-plus residents.
The chief negotiator for Chrysler Corp.'s Canadian unit said he will press for reductions in job classifications and "restrictive work practices" in contract talks with the Canadian Auto Workers union.
Metaphor was launched in 1982 by Donald Massaro and David Liddle, two former executives with Xerox Corp.'s office products division.
Mr. Michaelis got his stock picking education at the hands of Charles Munger, Berkshire's vice chairman and Mr. Buffett's longtime business partner.
"They can't come from anywhere but hidden bases in the Baltic, and we know Western countries have no such bases," he said at a military seminar.
Irving's annual shareholders' meeting is scheduled for May 6.
The Fed committee, known as the Federal Open Market Committee, also will review the central bank's money supply targets.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished 35.18 lower at 3,887.46 on volume of 289m shares. In the UK, analysts said the gilts market had not responded to economic statistics, which pointed to low inflation and subdued growth.
The current investment plan assumes that the 1990s will be kinder to cyclical smokestack companies than the past decade. The 1980s began with back-to-back recessions, followed by four years of the overvalued dollar.
The Italians conceded Ms. Cooper's case did not fit those categories.
Grain and soybean futures were due for a technical rebound after more than a week of mostly falling prices, said Victor Lespinasse, a trader with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Unlike the early 1980s when an overvalued exchange rate was chiefly responsible for rising unemployment, interest rates are now the key.
The Press found that foreigners who received kidneys paid four times more in surgeon's fees than Americans who got the same operations.
He's doing a fine job, and as I say, I think you'll find that he is supportive of the action we've taken.
He says cash flow at the Plaza has plummeted from $76 million in 1989 to $30 million in the year ended in March.
The Big Three's 72 percent share of the audience was the largest since February, when CBS aired its acclaimed "Lonesome Dove" miniseries and the competition responded with heavy-duty specials.
The Treasury said it plans to raise about $800 million in fresh cash Wednesday with the sale of $10.25 billion in two-year notes.
The link between Nasdaq and Singapore's fledgling secondary market, the Stock Exchange of Singapore Dealing and Automated Quoting System, or Sesdaq, was scheduled to start last September but was postponed to Dec. 1 and then to March 15.
The Pac Man defense is named after the video game in which characters try to eat other characters before they get eaten themselves.
In practice, this spells safe, swift overtaking on wet or dry roads. It also spells temptation.
A 14-member commission created by Congress labored for a year on ways to reduce the federal deficit.
At the Prudential-Bache High Yield Fund, manager Al Klein has pared the portfolio to about 155 issues from the more than 400 overseen late last year by former manager Robert Angevine, who moved to Morgan Stanley Asset Management.
We can be faithful to both," he said Friday as the group opened its first national conference.
Scheduled carriers completed their fifth consecutive year with a fatality rate below one per 100 million passenger miles.
An Oglethorpe spokesman said that the Agriculture Department's inspector general has subpoenaed many of the same documents the IRS was examining.
The exchange's 2,057 members began voting on the proposal yesterday, but the required quorum of 850 votes wasn't reached, so voting was extended to today, a CBOE spokeswoman said.
The Baedeker heyday ended when the family-run company lost big money by investing in government bonds during World War I, then lost much of its remaining fortune afterward to the inflation that raged through defeated Germany.
I'm up at 5 o'clock in the morning and off to my office by 7 o'clock."
Some hospitals are not even applying to upgrade equipment.
The sooner the Fed acts, the smaller will be the overall increase in interest rates in this economic cycle.
Martin noted that one charge accuses the judge of advising a witness to lie to the grand jury. Bratton refused the request.
More important, it is worth envisioning what would happen if the Security Council did, for the sake of regionalism alone, "empower" a country like Brazil.
After three years of increasing chaos and decreasing profits, Pillsbury has little time to find a winning recipe.
Members must be between 14 and 20 and, if in high school, maintain a C average.
By police count, 2,759 people have died in political killings since the violence began in 1969.
During World War I, young lovers exchanged small candy hearts emblazoned with "Skidoo" and "Oh You Kid" on Valentine's Day.
Small farmers will continue to be expelled from their land." His commission is linked with the Roman Catholic Church.
But takeover and restructuring candidates, and stock-index futures and options, provided brand new avenues for speculators.
"They're cute and they dance good," she says.
"They aren't leaving the region, just reducing costs," he says, adding that high-tech investments generally haven't been affected by such moves.
This entire controversy is about 13 Guardsmen who serve in the Massachusetts public affairs unit.
It was a typical example of his work.
The Powszechny Theater was packed for the performance of "Audience" and "Protest," two one-act plays that examine the choices ordinary people face when confronting authorities in totalitarian countries.
The church's stand on abortion has drawn more attention recently as Catholic officials have told public officials who support abortion rights that they might be denied communion.
Mr. Tanaka has ambitious plans for the lab.
Among those targeted by Maloney's office are the Unisys Corp. plant in Great Neck; Charles Gardner, a consultant to Unisys and former Unisys employee; Dennis Mitchell, an employee at the plant, and the Hazeltine Corp. in Greenlawn.
And she was clinging to them about as tight." The woman's husband, an oil engineer and Kuwaiti citizen, was not permitted to travel with their children.
"The storm's sure to hurt the holiday traffic in, but some people can't leave either," said Susan Hill of the Reno News Bureau.
Bankers speaking anonymously said they thought the debts were not as big a concern as their size might indicate because they had been difficult to collect for a long time, and Japanese companies must have accepted that.
Conceivably, there could even be a reversal in the trend, with privately held companies - companies that had been removed from the market through leveraged buyouts - once again seeking to sell shares to the public.
Next week, we begin a series on unit trusts.
The hour documents the CIA's orchestration of coups in Iran and Guatemala.
Seat belt release buttons in 1.6 million Chevrolet Camaro and Pontiac Firebird cars should be checked for damage that could lead to belt failure, federal safety officials say.
"Venezuela and Kuwait went ahead at a time when oil prices were high and they had money.
Nonbuilding construction, including public works and utilities, was down 7% to $42.4 billion, and homebuilding was down 2% to $109.4 billion.
In times of mass redundancies and company collapses, these are far from theoretical considerations. As interest rates fall it is becoming more expensive for wound-up schemes to buy insurance policies which will guarantee future pensions.
The rigid market controls destroyed incentives and the ability of China's once-thriving markets to transmit information freely via prices.
The interest rate effect which boosted the zeros in the portfolio could work the other way.
About 10,000 U.S. soldiers are stationed in Panama under the Panama Canal treaty, providing security for the waterway.
"I really got kind of redneck about it," Joy said, but the end result was that Owens heard the song and loved it, and had Joy record it.
EXPENSE ACCOUNTS for meals and entertainment come in for closer scrutiny, thanks to last year's tax act.
The northerners' parliaments have flouted federal laws and proposed transforming Yugoslavia into a loose conferedation with a common market.
Instead, he said he and Hong Kong interests would pay in cash for the company.
Sein Lwin's forced resignation represents the first time in more than a quarter-century that the Burmese people have had any direct say in their country's government.
Efforts to reach Belgian officials for comment were not successful.
Armenian media say some 1,500 refugees from Azerbaijan are arriving daily in Yerevan, capital of the bordering republic of Armenia.
British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher refused at the opening session of a two-day summit Monday to embrace a plan for a tight monetary union of the 12 nations of the European Economic Community.
The identity of that group, which said it owns 4.9 percent of the stock, has not been disclosed.
Pacific Coast oil estimates were about the same as before at 2.1 billion barrels.
The fiasco over the scheduling of News at Ten highlights in technicolour the unwieldy operation of the ITV network.
The sale of part or all of the oil giant's 78% interest in Texaco Canada Ltd. is under serious consideration, sources say.
They meet one morning a month, with a paid "facilitator," most often a semi-retired entrepreneur, as guide.
"We will never go back to the grain-embargo days of those Democrats, Carter and Mondale and who knows who else," the Republican presidential nominee declared.
But it would be hard to convince investors that paying hush money was in their interests.
The incident and my subsequent silence still makes me feel uneasy, but I felt bound by a code.
He criticized the short sellers as "naysayers."
Excluding food and energy, which tend to vary widely from month to month, the index rose 0.5% after a 0.2% increase in December.
"It's good politics to work with the Japanese," said Mr. Goetz.
He said preliminary inspection revealed possible hydraulic fluid leaks in three parts of the shuttle, but added that they hadn't posed any danger in Sunday's landing and probably weren't a safety issue.
Everything was long and beautiful by Montana, who showed only a few skirts between trousers shaped like fluid inverted cones.
Such cooperation enabled the reflagging of Kuwaiti tankers and escorts by U.S. naval vessels during the height of the eight-year war between Iraq and Iran.
So, one would expect to find Mr. Druckrey pessimistic.
Only Le Monde has taken this question to heart.
The generous hard-currency nationalisation terms provided the foundation on which Anglo's offshore arm, Minorco, was built.
This has prompted many food producers to throw a lot of their old marketing assumptions out the window.
In another development, police officials confirmed they recommended the prosecution of Israeli civilians in the shooting deaths of three West Bank residents.
Each of the major carriers usually has an average of $241 million of unused tickets issued.
The department is now part of the university's school of social work.
America West Airlines said its June traffic rose 96% to 494.6 million revenue passenger miles from 252 million a year earlier.
Out of the running among the Democrats are former Gov. Bruce Babbitt, expected to drop out today, and former Sen. Gary Hart; probably gone is Sen. Paul Simon.
Health is another marketing focus.
Nadia Younes, a U.N. spokeswoman, said the two sides had agreed to meet Thursday and Friday.
Buckingham Palace announced Friday that Ludgrove had been the "joint parental choice" of Charles and his wife, Diana.
The result, according to the suit, was the payment of approximately $61 million to the Northview's shareholders.
A Canadian Protestant clergyman arrived Friday seeking to deliver a petition from a Christian human rights group to Hezbollah.
There is some truth to this.
The fluids do not transmit electricity and are extremely difficult to burn.
As one of the key points of this new policy is to promote alternatives to the private car, it is perplexing to try and understand how this might be achieved through a planning and development strategy.
But four colleagues said Mr. Mayer felt that Salomon's problems could sully his own reputation.
The countdown clock then stood at 4 minutes.
James L. Pate, 54-year-old executive vice president, was named a director of this oil concern, expanding the board to 14 members.
On Monday, the Soviet government declared Lithuania may not open its own customs posts, take over factories owned by Moscow ministries or issue its own currency.
Traders said Iran's unconditional agreement to a U.N. cease-fire proposal in its eight-year-old war with Iraq also weakened the dollar, which historically has been a safe-haven currency during times of unrest.
It still claims the Aouzou Strip as its own.
As part of his settlement last August, Lee agreed to pay $19 million into a fund to reimburse investors defrauded by the scheme. He also agreed to pay the government $1.5 million in fines and $4.5 million in back taxes with interest.
Twelve of the 13 songs were recorded during two 1989 concerts in a Brooklyn, N.Y., cathedral.
But he has not taken his eye off the road through the tricky landscape of recession.
Sales by major Japanese retail stores rose 7.1% in January from a year earlier, the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said.
Neither is the safety of the republic.
It is not known if the boy has been tested for the virus. Lawyers say they are bound by state law not to discuss the case outside the courtroom.
White House Counsel C. Boyden Gray decided this week that Bennett would violate the no-contact law if he took money beyond his $125,100-a-year RNC paycheck.
If there is no agreement, sources said, the shareholders' meeting will name a new board composed only of representatives of the Franco-Belgian consortium, plus the 11 existing board members.
The boys told investigators they were mimicking acts they saw on late-night cable television, said police Sgt. James Mazer.
Geographically, it is convenient.
Without fresh insights of this kind from today's choreographers, ballet in the U.S. must surely succumb to the inanition that has overtaken it in Europe and the Soviet Union.
Surpluses or deficiencies resulting from market movements have to be provided for in company profit statements.
With the Chicago market blacked out, some brokerage firms routed orders to the London International Financial Futures Exchange, which trades a futures contract similar to the Treasury bond futures listed on the CBOT.
Both sides said they were pleased with the agreement, which Barnes said ensured long-term journalistic control of the newspaper.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials rose 2.97 to 2,567.08 by noontime on Wall Street.
Allianz is Europe's biggest insurer, with annual premium income of about 100 billion francs, the companies said.
Japanese officials said they would urge the United States to improve vocational training programs, increase the savings rate, strengthen drug enforcement and focus on long-term investments rather than short-term profit.
Temperatures dipped below freezing in the mid-Atlantic Coast states.
Options and maps are prepared by the joint chiefs' Operations' Directorate, a body of planners that has been developing and updating military options in Lebanon for years.
The 50-year-old Sloan says his troupe dances a different style than amateur square dance clubs around the country.
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a $256.7 million fourth-quarter loss, the computer giant's first ever quarterly loss and a reflection of a voluntary severance program under which 3,000 employees left over the last 12 months.
Turnover amounted to a very low 344.7 million shares, compared with 731.4 million shares Friday.
The spokesman said that Comerica still feels confident that its $167 million in Latin American loans will be repaid because the loans are mostly to government agencies in Mexico and Venezuela.
She says he has exaggerated the extent of her dependence on government support.
In 1985, Cheney voted for limits on "revolving door" job switches from the Pentagon to private military supply companies, and for legislation requiring the Pentagon to maintain records of contractors' proposed and negotiated cost and pricing data.
Recycling, desktop publishing and telephone technology, along with other advances in the industry, will be the topics at general sessions and workshops throughout the three-day event.
That came as a setback to some faint hopes in the financial world that the Federal Reserve might take the employment data as a cue to relax its credit policy further.
Max Klotz, manager of permits of the Oregon Transportation Department, says Oregon has permitted triple 28-foot trailers on major highways for the past 20 years.
A silent majority in both countries still respects and has friendly feelings toward the other, critical sentiments notwithstanding.
This is a civilised market mechanism working all over the world.
He promised only further consultations.
Cummins also said the plan was amended to provide its board with an option to redeem rights after a concern acquires 15% or more of its stock by simultaneously issuing new rights that entitle the holder to buy one common share for $1.
The Dalai Lama, in a statement from his office in New Delhi, Monday said the violence clearly revealed the "desperation" of the Tibetan people.
On their first meeting she bit him until he bled; months after he left her, she died. It was Malcolm, who calls 'her courage to be unpleasant', that made her a feminist heroine.
There is no question that VOA's leadership has been stifled by crippling budget cuts.
For Mr. Jensen, who sometimes posed as a neurologist to impress acquaintances, no run-of-the-mill Beechcraft or Lear would do.
Should that happen, "there would cease to be any competition in those lines of coverage based on the smoker-nonsmoker distinction, as no other companies offer such a discount in those lines," the order said.
Fuller invented the Guardian Interlock, which deactivates a car's ignition system if the driver can't pass an alcohol breathalyzer test.
This story arguably is the most important of our time and is far from melodramatic.
It's an absolute necessity given the demography in that county," said Marilyn Farray, a lawyer for several indigent residents who fought to keep Tunica County Hospital open.
Investors in the Japan markets were taking a wait-and-see position because of uncertainty about when the market will bottom out, Inoue said.
During my many years in corporate America, I saw the truth behind the workaholic charade too many times to accept it on face value.
So did state Attorney General Robert Abrams in a separate lawsuit against Rochester Gas and Electric.
The complaint alleged the defendants were responsible for five murders, 15 shootings, one abduction and one beating.
College placement officials say that just 20 percent to 25 percent of students graduating have jobs set, but things could change by the end of May, Challenger said in a telephone interview.
Through the years, Superman's daring rescues and battles against evil have been chronicled in hundreds of newspaper funny pages, a radio serial, a TV series and movies.
Mrs. Harper, who reportedly had cancer, flew to Michigan on Aug. 18. Police said she killed herself by taking pills and putting a plastic bag over her head while her husband and stepdaughter stood by.
"You have to be careful with companies wanting to get into businesses they don't know anything about."
Three of four Americans believe President Bush will ask Congress for a tax increase despite his campaign pledge that he would not raise taxes, according to a poll published today.
If IBM can convince companies to write software that relies on the database and communication portions of the expanded edition, it may have finally a found a way to offer something that the clones, its lookalike competitors, can't.
If approved by both companies' boards, shareholders and certain regulatory agencies, among others, Southmark holders would receive two ICH common shares for each three shares of Southmark common.
Under normal rail industry practices, the carrier that delivers the freight collects from the shipper and once a month pays intermediate carriers their share of the freight haul.
Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., sponsor of the MX amendment, urged his colleagues to do the same.
For the year ended Sept. 30, McLeod had net income of $13.8 million on revenue of about $305 million.
Try telling that to a European Commissioner. James Morgan is economics correspondent of the BBC World Service.
The legislation was proposed after months of intense debate on the issue at the EEC head office.
That's usually a market top, says Dohmen.
The retirement plan is the first across-the-board program offered by Ameritech to almost all its managers.
Canadair said the new version, designated the CL-215T, will be equipped with Pratt & Whitney Series 100 turboprop engines that will be less costly to operate than the piston engines that currently power the slower CL-215s.
Exxon said it spent more than $1 billion on oil spill claims and cleanup work, and state officials say the cleanup, suspended for the winter, is unfinished.
Britain is contributing six Tornado aircraft, expected in Saudi Arabia today, and France is sending 10 Mirage 2000s. Mr Bush again denied that the decision was related to his re-election campaign.
The Sephardic communities have maintained many of the customs, traditions and the old Castillian language, known as Ladino, of their ancestors.
Possible participation in the 777 by Japanese manufacturers is up in the air, as are firm orders from airlines.
"I wasn't scared," he added. "In fact, the thing that worried me most about coming out was the flight.
"They're a long way from the heart," remarked one student as Mrs. Mounts, 32, fretted over her blunders.
Shead said he believed the fire was racially motivated.
But this action will have little effect if the funds are not appropriated.
The reined-in pace stems partly from the difficulty companies have had raising investment funds because of the continued weakness of the Japanese stock market.
Against a backdrop of Iraqi threats to punish cheaters, OPEC ministers meet this week to work out a strategy for restraining output and pushing up oil prices.
The sentence reduction was unusual but within the judge's authority, said Assistant Commonwealth's Attorney Kathleen M. Edge. "The commonwealth obviously would have preferred the full jury verdict," she said.
International Minerals also produces agricultural and medical products, specialty chemicals and flavors and fragrances.
Many expect that computer makers eventually will switch to gallium arsenide, a semiconductor inherently faster than silicon, but also much more difficult to work with.
He suggests a fuel tax that raises gas prices to $2 a gallon.
A man and a woman took turns announcing flowery words of welcome on the school's public address system, between military marches.
One of the biggest deals was a $600 million two-part offering from Petro Canada.
Microsoft's stock was jolted, falling $3.50 to $95.75 in national over-the-counter trading on news of the investigation into the Redmond, Wash., company, the country's largest supplier of personal-computer software.
Many obsolete older buildings may never see another tenant, as they cannot compete with a plethora of new ones. Go east of Potters Bar or the A23, however, and such excesses disappear.
Merchants' losses, while devastating to local economies, are believed to be only a fraction of the $4 billion Turkey says it is losing this year because it closed two Iraqi oil pipelines that run through the country and banned all trade with Iraq.
And in Washington, the Veterans Administration lowered its mortgage ceiling rate on home loans to 10% from 10 1/2%, effective today.
Daniel served three two-year terms as governor from 1957-63 but lost an unprecedented bid for a fourth term in a Democratic primary race won by John Connally.
In the corridors, Walesa's driver bantered with uniformed Sejm guards.
He is to report to Sir Peter Middleton, Barclays' deputy chairman, on the board. Mr Taylor is also expected to announce measures to strengthen Barclays' central group function.
Person said the quake was felt across a wide area because it was centered 75 miles below the earth's surface.
The increases were reported in yesterday's Automotive News, a trade journal.
The presumptive sentence _ the sentence normally given _ is nine years.
Stern likened Melissa to a young sapling that has to put down its roots.
Frozen offerings imported from farther flung seas may prove a better bet. Last week I bought a solid block of small, white squid and hacked my way gratefully through them.
He declined to disclose terms.
The public affairs office said there was a Staff Sgt. Brian Kirkpatrick on the base.
The illness is marked by violent diarrhea, vomiting and dehydration that can kill a victim within five hours.
As a result, Anthony Greayer resigned as chief executive and a board member of Hoare Govett.
Under U.S. banking regulations, loans more than 90 days past due must be classified as nonperforming, meaning interest is only accrued when it is received.
Bread is so cheap that farmers feed it to their pigs.
Former Premier Lubomir Strougal also was among the hunting devotees, as was veteran Communist hard-liner Vasil Bilak, who liked to hunt in his home region of Slovakia, CTK reported.
The altered switch may have sent the last three cars in the six-car train onto another set of tracks Wednesday, causing one car to be yanked into steel support beams, said John K. Lauber of the National Transportation Safety Board.
They have lived in a shed at the Tel Aviv suburb of Petah Tikva and once broke into a government apartment but were removed by police.
Labor Minister Pierre Cadieux appointed the government's senior negotiator, William Kelly, to assist in the negotiations.
Southeast recently had to resort to borrowing from the discount window of the Federal Reserve Bank in Atlanta, an indication that it may be having liquidity problems, according to two individuals familiar with the matter.
Although the national dailies have largely escaped a price war, the new formats amount to something similar.
The latest approach, Rosenberg said, "is giving the highest response rate I'm aware of in patients with melanoma.
The company took its profits out in vodka, selling it through a third party in the United States.
"They both emphasized the pursuit of democracy as the first step in the reform process," said Fitzwater.
He regarded church schools as an extension of religious freedom.
Whittle executives say the competition is one reason they are scrambling to devise other offbeat ways to reach consumers through the power of advertising.
Some franchisees fear Dairy Queen wants eventually to end the separate Texas advertising program.
The group said it would start a petition drive in support of its appeal.
They were told that simply wasn't the plan.
For Lorimar, meanwhile, Warner might prove to be the most friendly of several potential acquirers said to be circling the problem-plagued company.
The group of lawmakers, journalists and a student leader said that despite progress on human rights, the Soviet Union has met only one of the six conditions laid down by Britain _ freedom to monitor human rights.
George, a right-winger, was beaten to the leadership by his great enemy Harold Wilson, a nominal left-winger.
Currently, OPEC is producing more than 24 million barrels a day, the highest level since the Persian Gulf crisis began.
They include former executives of Bank of Credit and Commerce (Emirates), a local bank in which BCCI had a 40 per cent shareholding and the management contract.
An acquisition by PG&E would be the ultimate irony for the Sacramento utility, which was spawned by a revolt against the investor-owned utility and which took over PG&E service territory in 1947 after a long, bitter battle.
According to the FTC, the retailer overstated the need for maintenance, adjustment and servicing on a wide range of consumer products it sold.
A put gives the holder similar rights to sell such shares and would be purchased by an investor looking for a downturn in a stock's price.
Excelan Inc., San Jose, Calif., denied assertions by Network Equipment Technologies Inc. that it had breached terms of the definitive merger agreement the two companies signed last month.
Sandra Schultz's worst nightmare came true last week when the man convicted of killing her 19-year-old son and his fiance walked out of jail.
Comments by Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton on a possible rise in British interest rates depressed stocks.
Webb said the truck was headed into the Louisiana Pacific paper mill when the accident occurred.
It would not have bought the stake unless it was confident of acquiring majority control. The two other large shareholders in HG Asia are the Guoco Group listed in Hong Kong and HG Asia's management.
Losers led winners by 639 to 349 with 175 issues remaining unchanged.
His case can be made stronger by reference to the Framers' understanding of the nature of the veto, as indicated by the examples that constituted their experience in the matter.
His critics in the U.S. Congress and his Zairean opponents repeatedly have attacked him for mismanaging Zaire's economy and for his government's sorry human rights record.
A strong aftershock in southwest China's quake-stricken border region destroyed 620 houses and injured 13 people, the official Xinhua News Agency said Thursday.
The Soviet ambassador to the United Nations on Monday urged Iran and Iraq to stop bombarding each other's capitals and said the escalating "war of the cities" was a major development in the war.
The president of the European Commission has diagnosed the problem.
Keith Wright, divisional director of Flexibox Group, has been appointed to the board of EIS GROUP; Peter Haslehurst, chief executive, is also appointed deputy chairman.
Seeing itself as a copier company, however, Xerox did not reap the benefit of the ideas embodied in the prototype 'Star workstation'.
By 1979, he sold a private school which he had started in Philadelphia and turned to making peanut butter full time, first at a rented facility in Pennsauken and now at the plant he bought last year in this New Jersey suburb of Philadelphia.
Two fire trucks and police patrols were to remain on the scene overnight as crews worked to remove the containers of chlorine compounds weighing up to 300 pounds, authorities said.
It isn't that this staged "Hard Times" was so terrible.
They have a feature called Fasttrack which lets you do programming on a portable computer and then send it down the line to the main system.' In addition to the standard administration software the network also supports other important functions.
"You say they are our brothers.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled against the car makers when it upheld New York's lemon law last March.
Even before the stock-market debacle, Miss Koslow, a snappy dresser known around the company as the always-approachable Kos, wasn't expecting sales this year to rise as robustly as they did last Christmas.
The violence has claimed at least 18 lives since it began Saturday in Abkhazia, a 3,320-mile autonomous region in Georgia. Komsomolskaya Pravda reported Thursday that 339 people have been injured, including 30 policemen and seven internal security troops.
Elsewhere in Peru, workers at the state mining company Mineroperu on Thursday agreed to end their 41-day strike, a mining federation spokesman said.
The same applied to two former Helmsley employees who are co-defendants and also pleaded innocent.
"We no longer can concentrate solely on producing more," he said. "We didn't have data on ground water 10 years ago.
"No way will unionist (Protestant) leaders sit down and talk to the mouthpiece of the IRA, Gerry Adams," Robinson said.
A big chunk of the quarter's $123.4 million in sales of investments came from that transaction.
"We've expanded the nylon luggage line into a whole area of backpacking, horsepacking and camping equipment as well," Wayne Morgan said.
Russell E. Dougherty, former commander of the Strategic Air Command, agreed with Lehman that the likelihood of confrontation was slim.
Another is made from the wreckage of an Iranian war plane shot down over the city.
On many older presses, such a change takes eight hours, and then the press sometimes makes poor parts for a couple of hours while workers make adjustments.
The party expelled him.
The documentation will be put before the Brazilian Senate for approval in early October. Brazilian officials said the plan was to begin signing the agreement by early October and complete it by the end of November.
No decision has been made yet on the matter, he added.
It is entirely coincidental that such scrutinies require the headhunter to host many tax-deductible entertaining events at home, on ski weekends and during sailing parties.
Design Logic in Chicago won ID Magazine's conceptual category with three answering-machine studies for Dictaphone.
John Tuccillo, chief economist for the Realtors, said even with the July drop in demand, sales were still at the second highest monthly level of the past year.
Few great artists have relied so much upon formula as Moliere.
Wee Gan, 49, found the purse in his taxi on Tuesday and brought it to a police station, said Officer Fred Weiner, a police spokesman.
She said the companies haven't projected what additional jobs might be involved, but the new venture will employ about 2,800 including field personnel.
This is a very attractive combination." Under terms of the agreement, which is subject to approval of French authorities, Bristol-Myers will acquire a 33.56% stake of UPSA and name three directors on a seven-member board.
Due to the disease's spread in rural areas, WHO said 1 in 40 adult men and women are now believed to be virus carriers compared with 1 in 50 estimated earlier.
He said that in the 123 years since it was founded by Presbyterian missionaries, American University has developed a "close symbiotic relationship" with Beirut that makes the city and campus inseparable.
"The East Germans have forgotten how to work," said Hubert Enzenross, 70. "And my pension won't be going up that much.
Thurmond said that the Bush administration supports his request.
Halifax, Britain's biggest building society, said house prices rose 0.7 per cent last month.
The energy and minerals concern said it received the lump-sum payment in consideration for reducing the contract price, starting July 1, until certain quantities of the gas have been delivered.
The decision has clearly embittered East Germany, whose hardline Communist leadership has been increasingly critical of Hungary's recent reforms and moves toward a multi-party democracy.
Five members of Congress asked President Reagan on Wednesday to pardon Conan Owen, the Annandale, Va., photographer freed from a Spanish prison after serving time for what U.S. officials say was a wrongful drug trafficking conviction.
HQ Office Supplies said its "repositioning" is due in part to its inability to close financing on a $40 million private preferred equity placement during the fall of 1990.
They fear that outlining these will help government's business managers.
The Connecticut-based company still maintains that the cause was sabotage by a disgruntled employee who put water in the tank unaware of what the full consequences would be, but it stops short of naming him.
"That still seems over-optimistic," asserted Josef Gattinger, an economist for the Ifo Economic Research Institute in Munich.
The only Democrat among them is Sen. Howell Heflin of Alabama.
At the time, Marine was struggling with bad shipping loans.
He became active in the Dutch resistance.
Former Sen. John Durkin won the Democratic nomination in his bid for a return to the Senate from New Hampshire.
The helicopters, highly-classified versions of OH-58 scout aircraft, recently replaced smaller MH-6 Seabats on the barges.
Sustainable use of natural resources: Make sustainable use of renewable resources, such as water, soils, and forests.
Atwater was described as alert and said to be receiving visitors following therapy.
In late 1984, after months of hard negotiations, the U.S. granted permission.
But Howell said about 80 percent of teachers indicated they would not be in class Wednesday.
"This country is facing a danger, and I think this applies to other Arab countries," he said.
Arrivals in the first eight months of this year are 27.7 per cent up on the same period in 1991, according to figures from the Ceylon Tourist Board.
"He was one of our most experienced pilots," Mehra said.
The new rules, which were put into effect two weeks ago without any public announcement, are supposed to clarify what that license allows.
Although most of the questions dealt with his coming meetings with Mr. Gorbachev, Mr. Reagan also was asked whether Vice President George Bush opposed secretly selling arms to Iran.
Crombie Anderson, a consultancy in Dunfermline, Scotland and Denver, Colorado, has chosen to spin out the two high-tech businesses it has incubated.
Labor Secretary McLaughlin co-chairs a new Bush task force on the future work force and advises him on child care, in hopes of reducing his gender gap.
Residents said secret prisons had been found since Habre fled Saturday that had not been known about previously.
The company _ on Beard Street _ cleans and processes raw horsehair for use in brooms and brushes.
If they can't add to that, then we're getting it right.' This hardline approach has introduced Lloyds to systems not immediately associated with complex dealing rooms.
And analysts predict that the current troubles will speed up deregulation and a shakeout and will widen disparities in the Japanese banks' size and profitability.
'Realistically, it will be very difficult to sell this aircraft when there are already so many other passenger aircraft in the 80-100 seat range.
Kuwait faces a general election next week which pits the ruling Al-Sabah family against its merchant class critics.
The higher rates paid on deposits also helped squeeze NCNB's net interest margin in the Southeast to 3.38% from 3.80% a year earlier.
Sarney, who by law cannot run for re-election, said he will sue the candidate for slander.
Analysts say the rate on funds, or overnight loans between banks, has been artifically depressed lately because of technical factors and probably will climb back up to the 6 1/2% to 6 5/8% range soon.
The others were 29 and 30 but looked older, Williams said.
In November, 11% reported increases and 25% decreases.
There are lush shots of the verdant Bali and Java countryside wrapped in gauzy mist; strange and unusual Bronze-age icons of gods and goddesses; temples, sculptures and Buddha statues with their mysterious Mona Lisa smiles.
'If someone wants to set prices under their cost of production, say thank you,' he says.
When Julio's first-grade teacher brought a toy to him at the hospital this week, "he started crying," said the teacher, Manuela Knight.
Mumps, the once-common childhood disease, is declining again after two years on the rise, federal health officials reported Thursday.
For the second quarter ended Sept. 30, Begley reported a loss of $434,745 on revenue of $18.2 million.
Syria now has forces in the Gulf aligned against fellow Arab Iraq, and France seems ready to participate not just in sanctions but in a naval blockade to enforce them.
Munteanu was one of the leaders of the 53-day University Square demonstration.
"They've already done their road show, and I understand they've done a good job" trying to generate interest in the issue among investors, Wissak said.
Federally mediated talks between Eastern Airlines and its largest union apparently broke off today, the company said.
European Economic Community budget Commissioner Henning Christophersen said Wednesday the 1989 draft budget would be some 2 billion European currency units, or $2.26 billion, less than initial projections.
The Lithuanians want Soviet troops to leave.
MORE MOMS get pampered as service gifts for Mother's Day increase.
The Detroit newspaper merger, the criminal investigation of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos and the Pentagon bribery probe are at the top of the Justice Department agenda as Attorney General Edwin Meese III prepares to leave office.
Europe has been better at spawning regulations on the ownership of television channels than it has at encouraging new services.
"The commission doesn't defer to voluntary standards," Mr. Pittle says.
Fang, an astrophysicist and human-rights advocate, and his wife took sanctuary in the U.S. Embassy after last June's crackdown on a prodemocracy movement.
In Citicorp's case, its debt-for-equity swap earlier this year left it with a 20% interest in a pulp mill being built in Nacimiento, a hillside town a few hundred miles south of Santiago, Chile's capital.
And he pays his suppliers top zloty.
Current UAL shareholders would keep 25% of the company.
Peter Lewis, chairman and chief executive officer of Progressive Insurance Co. in Cleveland, says that firing his president of 13 years in 1983 "was tougher than divorcing my wife."
"I would characterize it as perhaps a distorted view of nuclear performance that is designed to create fear and apprehension among the public," he said.
It was suppressed and outlawed after the imposition of martial law in December 1981.
Those regional theatres threatened with severe cuts in their grants will not now suffer, and the proposed reduction in the drama budget will somehow be restored. There is also an official desire to steam ahead with the completion of the British Library.
In fact, executive suburbs such as Greenwich seem to be holding their coveted position in U.S. education.
But Mr. Kobayashi also pointed to structural factors that led the surplus to shrink.
These crimes now carry a 10-year maximum sentence.
An HSBC victory would produce a better capitalised bank than Lloyds combined with Midland.
The central bank cautioned that borrowing to fund costs of this magnitude "would increase interest payments so sharply that fiscal flexibility would be lost and tax increases will need to be made, which would worsen the overall economy."
They began in the US, and last month skied in France, Austria, India, Japan and the and north America.
He remained in the Senate for 14 years, and after an interlude practicing law and teaching, began a House career that would include 14 terms.
Providence wanted me to have a business brokerage.
Rosado Echanove said it appeared the ferry would sink.
The government has accused Henry Perez, reputed leader of the private armies, and Luis Rubio, former mayor of Puerto Boyaca, of ordering massacres of peasants.
Unlike some reporters who may be cynics, she takes a benign view toward all those Hollywood ecological stars who'll be all over TV on Sunday.
Reed said he last saw Anderson 18 months ago and Sutherland 14 months ago.
President Ghulam Ishaq Khan, using his constitutional powers, dismissed Ms. Bhutto's government Aug. 6 on charges of corruption, nepotism, political incompetence and abuse of power.
A survey by the South Bank Polytechnic revealed that not a single Bangladeshi from Spitalfields worked in the City. My local baker, a Moroccan, is popular and does a roaring trade at weekends among the people from the top of the hill.
It also requires telephone companies to block access to dial-a-porn services unless a customer has asked for it.
But two other members said they believed the takeover had been unnecessary.
Mr. Leysen had included in his group an additional 4.5% stake held by CGE, but yesterday he said CGE, while supporting his cause, would remain independent.
Sun's explosive growth in the white-collar segment comes largely at the expense of makers of personal computers and represents a threat to Compaq Computer Corp. and Apple Computer Inc., both of which are growing at sharply slower rates than Sun.
Is a quick, corrective recession any worse than a prolonged downturn that doesn't qualify as a recession?
On May 10 the government annulled the elections and also on that day paramilitary gangs attacked Endara, Ford and Arias with iron staves.
From 1985 to 1988, the party had a promoter who called it Greekfest and worked with the city to provide entertainment.
To increase profits and their own $40 to $75 monthly salaries, matatu crews overload the buses, work overly long hours at the wheel and drive at high speeds in order to meet daily quotas set by matatu owners.
"They were our husbands, fathers, sons and brothers.
Institutional investors like the idea that their returns will at least approximate the performance of the market.
The raiders have their jets too, and sinecures for needy family members.
The Soviet Union's Council on Religious Affairs has registered the Leningrad Branch of the Mormon Church, the Utah-based church said.
The couple's 9-year-old daughter, Ilene, was listed in stable condition today at Morristown Memorial Hospital.
Seiters said the panel will examine all the steps and decisions necessary for unification, including creation of a monetary union, East German economic reforms and legal questions, as well as issues of foreign policy and security.
I'm usually on the other side of the law.
It was nothing personal, Mr Michael Heseltine, then environment secretary, explained.
My personal pension scheme has therefore taken a modest stake in Norcros. However, the review's portfolio cannot be too speculative.
His personal popularity has never been high.
These matters include tentative rules on industrial subsidies, on tighter anti-dumping controls and on investment, and a plan for bringing textile trade, which has been governed by a separate agreement, under the GATT framework.
Asked whether he belonged to any private clubs, Christensen said, "I do not belong to any clubs that exclude people." The AIDS virus can be spread by sexual intercourse whether you are male or female, heterosexual, bisexual or homosexual.
He now intends to focus the group's investments on businesses where it has competitive advantages.
Democratic Sen. Howard Metzenbaum of Ohio argues that a proliferation of dual-class plans would "accelerate" the flight of the average investor from the stock market.
Consultants said there would be buyers for most of the portfolio if the group were to be liquidated. But the affair will hit German banks, already suffering mounting bad debts from their exposure to industrial companies.
Corn and soybean prices bounced back despite the National Weather Service's latest 6- to 10-day outlook.
Snow and slippery roads closed schools Thursday in parts of 13 states from the Plains to the Northeast, and some remained closed today.
"We were advised by the owner that they definitely were not friendly, they were very aggressive stock," Gregg said. "The owner said `don't try to take them alive because somebody is going to get hurt.
'It's motivation and experience, not just ability.
About 45 minutes into the flight, he said, "we heard this loud bang and then it was like a huge storm.
Woodward's, which also operates a chain of western Canadian department stores, said it may complete an agreement with Canada Safeway within a week.
People already have large amounts of money in savings accounts because of a nationwide lack of consumer goods to spend it on.
Most defendants are part of a loose-knit group called the Urban Animals, who have skated on downtown streets since 1978.
Some soybean futures closed up the 30-cents-a-bushel daily limit Tuesday on the Chicago Board of Trade and grain futures also advanced sharply on renewed concern about dry weather.
If the Hatch amendment prevails, a House labor panel staff member suggests the House may spurn the bill.
That holds back profit growth. Still, there remains the prospect of 1993 pre-tax profits at Pounds 45m, producing earnings per share of over 14p.
The moves up are stronger and the moves down are stronger." Mr. Boksen is among a number of small-stock advocates who expect the group to move even higher this year.
In general, members' incomes towered over the average American's.
I think `Favorite Son' will help in this." Loggia recently returned from Sri Lanka where he co-starred with David Warner, Brian Kerwin and Alice Krige in a spy movie.
Some of them were good, some were terrible.
Foreign Bonds Speculation that financial firms may be forced to mark more securities to market value caused Japanese government bonds to end weaker.
Quarnaccio and airlift wing reservists refused to discuss specific destinations or details of their trips, but some said Air Force and Army troops were aboard their planes.
Income is more concentrated in the hands of the rich in Latin America than in any other region of the world.
Carol McCormac, a graduate student in forestry from Scio, Ore., said she and her boyfriend had moved in with friends of his in Gainesville.
Strutt & Parker in Exeter is selling a beat on the Taw in north Devon (20-year average: 23 salmon and 42 sea trout) for Pounds 175,000. A cottage is Pounds 75,000 extra.
Meat consumtion is the highest in East Germany, 207 pounds a year per capita.
The company said it will discuss the settlement terms with creditors over the next few weeks and is expected to outline the agreement in a hearing scheduled for Thursday before U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland in New York.
On Dec. 21, he ordered the city to contract with Indiana Waste Systems, a subsidiary of Waste Management Inc. of Oak Brook, Ill.
The resulting increase in earnings has facilitated higher dividend payments, which in turn have contributed to pension fund surpluses.
Shipments had declined during the previous three months.
Under Spanish tax laws, ownership in excess of 90 per cent allows the parent institution to consolidate results. The disposal of the Acerinox interests is the first Banesto divestment to be managed by JP Morgan.
Indeed, any such decision could be years away.
The search for a nominee to fill the important vacancy could stretch to the end of the month or early May.
Supporters of the expert panel approach believe that Congress, protected by the political cover from the commission, will swallow hard and vote to cut popular programs and raise enough taxes to finally solve the deficit problem.
Usually, Israel is the one pressing the United States to sell it weapons systems.
Eli Lilly was understandably silent about its PCS acquisition because the purchase is yet to be completed.
UtiliCorp said despite the declines in the second quarter, it is still "on track" for a solid year, provided it receives adequate rate relief for its Missouri Public Service division in the fourth quarter.
'The networks of the indiv- idual banks were not suff- iciently differentiated geog- raphically.
The number of public sector jobs created in the EC failed to compensate for the loss of private sector employment in the years to 1985, as the charts show.
"Let some congressman from Allegheny County support that," he sniffs.
Benjamin Schatz, a lawyer with the gay-rights law firm, said: "As far as I know, all the other airlines are carrying persons with AIDS without special requirements.
Outboard Marine also would obtain all current inventory of Grumman Boats and the exclusive license to use the Grumman name on a worldwide basis to market aluminum recreational boats.
It was not PW, the prime minister, nor Piet, the foreign minister.
All Brazilians between 18 and 69 must vote. Voting is voluntary for those aged 16-17, 70 and over, and illiterates.
Orders to Japanese machinery makers fell 8.6% in March from a year earlier, the Economic Planning Agency said.
Kyodo News Service reported the launch was mainly aimed at checking air resistance and vibration as the rocket flies in the atmosphere.
The spokesman added that Reagan has been putting off the procedure for some time, even though his doctors had been suggesting it be done for several months.
Francis Folefac of Baltimore said he was aware of the strike, but that Eastern representatives told him "they were just trying to honor the ad in the paper."
Bob Djurdjevic, president of Annex Research Inc. in Phoenix, predicted IBM might announce plans to eliminate about 20,000 jobs, paying for the streamlining program with a charge of perhaps more than $1 billion against fourth-quarter earnings.
The 12-member jury discussed press accounts of the trial on July 28, the day after they convicted defendant Juan Ramon Matta Ballesteros, the jurors said.
Iran had long sought their release.
In addition to the scientists, the research vessel will carry six high school students from the Dearborn and Plymouth school districts.
As a result, investors find it difficult to make tactical asset allocations into property at the right point in the economic cycle. At the start of this year, for example, institutional investors were eager to buy UK property.
Though still supported by fellow members of a religious minority, he's now on trial for vague offenses with heavy penalties.
The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then, with a crack of the bat, was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands.
"It is easier to be hands-on when you aren't separated from your franchisees by another layer of management," Mr. Monaghan said in a prepared statement.
That, along with several last minute recalculations helped make the numbers come out right on the cost of the rescue package, satisfying the board as well as the Bass Group.
An all-night search turned up no sign of the boat or its passengers.
State Medicaid money can only be spent for an abortion when the mother's life is threatened.
As for the team of young economists, Mr. Arida was the last remnant until his departure this week.
O'Ferrell speculated he could have had the typewriter and used it to type his letters but then sold it to an unknown buyer.
"In our opinion, it is going to be difficult to meet the forecasted loan growth assumptions," said Sandra Flannigan, analyst with PaineWebber in Houston.
The junk bond market has just about collapsed.
Brazil owes BankAmerica a total of $2.7 billion.
And there is no reason to believe that even if the CiU were to make a long-term pact to support the socialists (in return, no doubt, for the transfer to Catalonia of more political power) that they could stick to it.
Mr. Monroe said ComputerLand fired the employees and later closed its Hong Kong office, ended its Chinese operations and instituted rigorous controls in Australia.
Spletzer also said he was disillusioned by Temple's special scholarships for minorities, affirmative action programs and the educational philosophy.
He informed a British Airways employee, who in turn contacted London.
Tenders for concessions will be offered in 30 days for international bids. Sao Paulo is the centre of Brazilian industry and has a GDP of about Dollars 170bn (Pounds 96bn) - 39 per cent of the national total and more than that of Argentina.
Shipments of medium and heavy trucks and school bus chassis rose 40 per cent to 20,700 units.
Both keys must be used to open the boxes behind the hotel's front desk.
Having been over the ground a few times makes them merely scary."
They come from all 50 states and 26 foreign countries to spend a summer of intensive study in music, dance, drama and the visual arts.
For basic rate taxpayers, this means the return will be the same as on the 38th issue of certificates - 7.5 per cent. But note that you have to pay tax on this issue before you receive the interest, which is available only when you cash in the bonds.
On the Democratic side, losers were news. Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis won as expected, so the question became who among the remaining candidates would stay the course.
Or as Andrew Bell, economist at BZW puts it: 'The bears ought to be dipping their paws in the honey rather than swatting at bees'. Having said that, though, corporate news over the week has been somewhat gloomy.
A 3-for-2 scrip issue is proposed. COMMENT Betterware's system of delivering its expanding catalogue to more homes every year is some way short of saturation in the UK.
Justice Department spokesman David Runkel said "our decision was based on the civil division's interpretation of the law.
U.S. aid to the Contras ran out Feb. 29 after Reagan failed to secure additional military aid from Congress.
AT&T, which first tried its hand at production with radio's "The Telephone Hour" in the 1940s, rediscovered the format for network television while searching for a way to reach an upscale audience that would buy its business products.
Ronnie, 7, died at Pittsburgh Children's Hospital in April 1987 while awaiting his fourth transplant.
In fifth was director Oliver Stone's "Born on the Fourth of July," which snared eight Oscar nominations last week.
In a brilliant US advertising campaign, he displayed this classic underwear on female models.
From the water, the four cupolas on the corner of the building create the impression of a floating palace.
Ever since America's first ICBM, the Atlas, was deployed in 1959, Lindi Kirkbride's family and neighbors have lived with The Bomb.
An artist working with film director Oliver Stone painted the fake pictographs for a scene in "The Doors," an upcoming movie about rock legend Jim Morrison.
Argentine officials said they learned Schwammberger arrived in Argentina in 1949 and worked for a chemical company for many years.
First Brands Corp., maker of Glad trash bags, joined with the movie "Million Dollar Mystery" last year on a contest in which customers guessed the whereabouts of a trash bag containing $1 million.
Most of the casulties occurred in the north and the east, strongholds of the Tamil rebels.
She is not, of course, Charles Mackerras or Bernard Haitink or Mark Elder; she brings her own eager rush to the score, but one misses Janacek's serene warmth and breadth (and any intimate rapport with the singers).
They also made arrangements to release photographs, film and videotape of the move.
North Dakota was under a winter storm warning as snow and gusty north wind threatened the state with near blizzard conditions. Snowfall amounts were expected to range from 4 inches in the west to 10 inches in the east, the weather service said.
No Lawrence Walsh staffer, potential juror or witness can prove, as the law requires, that he isn't relying on immune testimony.
Leaving them in the sun too long can cause problems, though. About 20 men came down with food poisoning.
The attorney handling the case for the Commerce Department couldn't be reached for comment.
The Trupps, being held without bail in El Dorado County jail, were arraigned today before U.S. Magistrate Monte Reece in South Lake Tahoe.
Fududa, 31, forced his way to a second-floor room and barricaded himself in with office furniture before surrendering to police about 40 minutes later, police officials said.
(60) "Sonny Spoon," NBC, 11.2.
GMAC Mortgage services more than $24 billion of mortgage loans, and in addition will originate about $2.5 billion of mortgage loans this year.
For the year, the Minneapolis-based computer and financial services company posted earnings of $19.3 million, or 45 cents a share, compared with a loss of $264.5 million in 1986.
Eastern said that, too, was a traditional problem on those routes.
He said some of his 60 Albanian relatives had arrived in Israel over the past two months.
Leaders of rival Christian and Moslem cabinets have agreed to cooperate with the Arab League in a bid to prevent the formal partition of Lebanon, officials reported today.
Signing of peace pact between Mali government and Taureg rebels. FRIDAY: British Steel/BISPA give figures for usable steel production in March.
He leaves Zambia on Thursday for neighboring Malawi.
In severe cases, companies have failed because seemingly brilliant technical ideas never found a market, or proved too costly to develop, or simply couldn't be used by a firm's production employees.
Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they don't like.
Visits in the past few days to several installations have provided glimpses of security precautions not in place during earlier visits.
Some would like to go further, faster.
The tour bus was carrying 34 children and seven adults from a private overnight camp on Sebago Lake when it careened off Maine Route 3 near the state capital, rolled down an embankment and overturned in some woods.
The equipment will continue to be used by the Canadian company in its carbon products and industrial gases businesses.
Gainesville's daily newspaper has agreed to pay the expected $15,000 cost of a special county referendum because its omission of a legal advertisement made the special vote necessary.
The Avenger is designed to replace the A-6E Intruder, which has been the Navy's main attack aircraft for 27 years.
The complaints allege that Delta asked questions about marital status, sexual activity and birth-control practices.
But while Cardin was the first of his contemporaries to be so honored at the museum, his mind was very much on the future.
The pound and London's stock market rose sharply on the news because joining the mechanism would set a stable floor under the currency.
He said they didn't bother to file the child support charges.
Oct. 31 NRC Handelsblad, Amsterdam, Netherlands, on the English Channel tunnel: The Channel Tunnel is a tangible proof of the unification of Europe.
It began its brokerage activities through County Securities in January, and wasn't required to suspend those operations during the court case.
The annoucement by former President Jose Sarney that Brazilian scientists had successfully developed fuel-cycle technology prompted speculation that Brazil also wanted to build atomic weapons.
The SEC said that in November 1986, Mr. MacKay and others at American Biomaterials prepared a news release about a new experimental product designed to aid the regeneration of severed nerves.
She has said that Western-style capitalism is the key to Pakistan's development and that her party will work to attract foreign investment, but she promised no sweeping nationalizations.
American officials seem undecided about whether the French acted precipitately.
Squabbling among House and Senate staffers already delays cost comparisons of the two trade measures.
But the CBO says administration budget-writers adopted unrealistically rosy economic assumptions.
The Mother Country sends a garrison, led by the vociferous Brigadier Culpepper whose head is stuffed with the manners and vocabulary of the Great War. But the colonial regime is short-lived.
Ms. Seymour had extensive visitation rights.
The government attributed the increase to better prices for Malaysia's rubber, tin, palm oil, timber and other exports.
Jesse Jackson, reaching out to Jewish primary voters in New York, said Friday he was trying to "heal relationships" that frayed during his 1984 presidential campaign.
The four main cities of the Dutch randstadt have developed a positive yield gap over fixed rate mortgage money.
"I'm going to need all the help I can get," replied Mr. Buffett, who had never run a securities firm.
Its bid also included the dairy's management and milk producers from the Gyor region. The two groups prepared their bids just as the new government was drawing up its privatisation strategy.
Although Buffalo Bill's name was stricken from the Medal of Honor roll in February 1917, one month after he died, the medal itself was never recalled and remains in the historical center.
Parents are asked to work with their kids in completing the workbooks _ rehearsing what they should do if they lose their keys, or if someone knocks at the door.
Mazor agreed, saying in a radio interview, "An 80-year-old woman also has time ahead of her." "We don't know whether it's five years or 10, but we shouldn't be the ones to help her shorten her life," he said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 6.30 to close at 2037.80, its highest closing level since the Oct. 19 market crash.
SCI was created when Storer was taken private by the investment firm Kohlberg, Kravis & Roberts in a $2.5 billion leveraged buyout in 1985.
"Get those cameras out of here.
In the visitor's book I found an entry in Hindi, kindly translated by the writer. It was a cryptic piece of Indian advice.
David Holland, grand dragon of the Southern White Knights, was ordered to pay $50,000, the highest of the 11 defendants.
Civil War readers will have several books to consider: _ "The Civil War: An Illustrated History," is a companion volume to the nine-part PBS series scheduled for the end of this month.
The district made up of "Old Metairie" is flanked on one side by an exclusive country club and the million-dollar mansions of Northline Drive and on the other by what was a fishing village before urban sprawl.
"A $1 billion (acquisition) wouldn't scare us off," Mr. Koken said, but he added that the company currently isn't close to making a large U.S. acquisition.
President Bush has decided to call up military reserves to meet shortages of doctors, cargo handlers and other specialists in the Persian Gulf crisis, officials said Friday.
Earlier this year, however, the Commerce Department decided to dispense with the Pentagon review, although it said it would continue to subject exports involving such companies to special scrutiny.
Among the casualties in the action figure segment was Hasbro's Inhumanoids.
They will be the first white-collar services compulsorily exposed to competition under the government's competitive tendering programme.
After the sixth congress, journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects.
Webb had been suspended three times for defying the school's dress code, which was instituted in August.
Declining issues outnumbered advances by about 9 to 8 in nationwide trading of New York Stock Exchange-listed stocks, with 716 up, 798 down and 485 unchanged.
If the peanuts cannot be sold on the market at the quota price, the CCC is obligated to buy them at the quota rate.
Separately, a weakening dollar against the mark helped buoy government bonds in quiet trading.
The bank board said earlier this month that the industry's capital, which closely mirrors losses, declined about another $550 million in April.
Farrar originally said that all 66 affected jets belonged to U.S. carriers.
He said the shares had underperformed the FT-Actuaries All-Share Index by 6 per cent over the past month and 'the yield has got to a level where we are happy to be buying again'.
They closed Friday at 8. "If gasoline goes up 10 cents a gallon, you won't stop using your snowmobile," says Ralph Wanger, president of the $800 million Acorn Fund of Chicago.
He attracted attention for his independent-mindedness and stern moral example and soon became a focus for opposition to the monarchy in Iran.
They also jailed dozens of Contra leaders, while expelling U.S. Ambassador Richard Melton and seven other American diplomats.
Under Kennedy-Markey, an artist would be able to swoop down on subsequent purchasers and sellers of his work and demand 7% of the profit.
"We have to make it easier for investors to get qualified" to purchase bank assets, Mr. Young said.
The company began to draw criticism from some analysts over the structure of its real estate arrangements, the bulk of which are are in the form of joint-venture mortgages. Kemper holds a long-term mortgage and is an equity partner in such deals.
INDUSTRIAL production fell by an average 2.1 per cent in Italy last year, the first decline since 1983, according to figures from Istat, the national statistics office, writes Robert Graham in Rome.
Inside the Yamanote train line, which forms a loop in the city's center, two-story wooden houses are being torn down and replaced by expensive condominiums.
Not the Japanese, needless to say.
He is being retried on eight of those 13 charges.
He added that the board and Dr. Weeber, who has held the post for four years, mutually agreed that Mr. Douglas, president of closely held Pacific Pride Commercial Fueling, has more extensive corporate experience.
Mirecki was counseled, given a medical examination and found "not physically qualified" for the course because of a phobia of being held under water.
The protesters, who equated Iliescu with communism, also called on his government to step down and urged the release of a jailed activist.
Party leader Kim Young-sam made the prediction shortly after 22 lawmakers threatened to withdraw from the government.
"Indications are that this is linked to the other seven and we do in fact have our eighth victim in the highway murders," said Jim Martin, a spokesman for the district attorney.
About half of those without health insurance said they would be willing to pay less than $600 annually for coverage, while those favoring national health insurance said they would be willing to pay, on average, $664 per year, for that coverage.
He's a loner and a romantic and a little messy, but he's also a yuppie who lives in a really nice apartment furnished with carefully selected antiques, with an emphasis on the mission style. Mike is cute, round-faced and thoroughly American.
Many had markings from the United States, Britain, Egypt, Sweden, China and Italy.
Waters suspended all of the jail time, provided Berendzen stays out of trouble for one year and continues treatment.
Volatile price movements this morning in the stock-index futures market tripped a "circuit breaker" for the fourth straight day _ only this time the market was moving higher instead of lower.
"Since it won't be able to obtain the copper from Bougainville, it will have to come out into the market to buy it."
About $1.4 million for Nicaragua's Miskito Indians, an opposition group that has been carrying out its own battle against the Sandinistas, but has consistently refused invitations to join with the Contras.
"It might be a little better, but only by a penny or two."
This year, she is working two or three times the hours.
Another job for the US secretary of state, Mr James Baker, perhaps? If you are playing Dodge The Demagogues with more and more desperation and less and less success you might think of turning to radio.
"We do have a lot of prisons and we really are grateful that filmmakers think of us when they think of prison movies, but we also have to promote the rest of a very diverse state," he said.
The account balance remains on the branch's books, even though the deposits are moved to the private bank. The double counting is washed out at some point further down the accounting stream.
One Western analyst with detailed knowledge of Mr. Yakovlev's publications and speeches says Mr. Gorbachev's designs for the Soviet Union today remain "pure Yakovlev."
Asked what advice he'd have for Dukakis, he said, "I'm going to say just what he said to me.
"We met at Imre Hermann's home once a month, on Sunday afternoon," says Gyorgy Hidas.
In New York City, the U.N. Security Council held consultations to end the stalemate over criticism of the violence in Jerusalem. But a vote was not expected Thursday.
"He's an effective competitor."
The company then moved to DEC Vax computers and started looking for a new system. In particular, it wanted a single, integrated system with one common database.
Besides credit cards, asset backs include securities backed by automobile loans, and home-equity and mobile-home loans.
No side is disclosing tactics. Mr Garel-Jones went out of his way to warn the government's Tory opponents about taking any steps that would risk Britain's opt-outs.
Four Hondurans died and 1,000 were jailed in those protests ,and the government declared a 10-day state of emergency.
Two people who grow up on the same block are still going to hear different influences as kids.
A senior Senate aide said that the administration wants to get the issue 'over and done with' to make way for more popular issues such as health care and crime legislation.
The shares tumbled 21 to 520p. BZW also turned from buyer to hold on the food retailing sector.
Happy birthday, Joe Williams, and many more.
Since the start of the Palestinian uprising, Israel has deported 33 Palestinians and ordered another 25 expelled.
When we reached the bottom it was as though we had crossed a divide between the two geographies and personalities of Ecuador.
Workers at the Alamo discovered graffiti that may have been left by an Alamo defender in 1836 on a door of the mission.
The Big Board also added computer capacity to handle huge surges in trading volume.
The original "Gremlins," released in 1984, produced worldwide revenues of $200 million.
But Bretton Woods is not really a test of whether a fixed exchange-rate system will work.
Richard J. Daley, who controlled a political army through patronage jobs and earned the moniker "Boss" for his iron-fisted grip on both local and national politics, served as Chicago's mayor from 1955 until his death in 1976.
We make the best protest with our purses, avoiding the offenders.
Clements talked for five minutes Thursday night with President Reagan about the Democratic National Convention and the presidential campaign, Bashur said.
The choppers, built by McDonnel Douglas Corp., cost roughly $13 million each.
Police said five people were killed, four men and a young girl, and at least 10 wounded.
Oldsmobile has offered a guaranteed trade-in allowance on all its vehicles since the start of the 1990 model year last fall.
A single application to a co-ordinator in one of the countries will be sufficient for all four.
The first quarter GNP report provided some evidence that the economy was slowing.
And obviously Mr. President, I would be most pleased to see as many American companies as possible investing in the new state - the new federal lander, which was formally the German Democratic Republic.
Peter Jacyk, a Toronto resident of Ukrainian descent who helped raise money for Demjanjuk, said Monday the effect the verdict has on the world view of the Jewish community will be similar to the "crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
It is, above all, history that should not be missed.
While black enrollment has virtually stagnated, Asian and Hispanic participation jumped 15 percent and 17 percent respectively from 1984 to 1986, fueling an 8 percent gain for minorities as a group, said the report.
In Switzerland and Austria, the radical right has also profited from dissatisfaction with the established government parties to deal with problems like immigration, housing, crime and inflation.
But passenger loads, or the percentage of seats filled, dropped 1.8 percentage points to 71.5% from 73.3%.
Wood, who worked at the home from July 1985 to October 1988, is charged with killing Cook and Chambers.
The Treasury held back its approval of the IFC capital increase in an attempt to force the agency into more private-sector lending, including unguaranteed lending to private companies.
People hear about it," appropriately, "by word-of-mouth." The court continued to allow CMS to use the current earnings on the approximately $1.2 billion principal amount of notes it holds.
About 30 people gathered outside the courthouse, including some of Price's friends who claimed he could not have killed anyone.
Aside from any museum admission fee, most theaters usually charge $3 to $5 for tickets to hourly shows.
"The result should be a lower cost of capital." The rule would create a "144a market" that would in effect allow large players to trade among themselves without going back to the registration and disclosure process.
Indeed, by setting up the food businesses as separate operating companies earlier this year, Mr. Johnson has made it easier to sell them off.
Not likely, the specialists say.
Mr Shepard yesterday declined to comment. Mr Sinclair, who has been mentioned as a possible replacement for either Sir Anthony or Mr Shepard, is now regarded as unlikely to be appointed to either position.
Despite the Lincoln debacle, the Office of Thrift Supervision this year allowed seven S&Ls to begin selling debt to retail customers and another nine institutions to continue sales approved earlier, according to a two-page summary released by the office.
Some oil holdings already have been sold.
It eagerly espoused individual rights and the need to 'de-ideologise Soviet society', (then passing through the last,terminal crisis of communism) - and at the same time insisting that the Soviet Union remain an integral state.
Boulevard had assets of $99 million and held deposits of $84.9 million in 19,800 accounts.
"There's no need to wait till somebody dies to recognize them," explains a city manager.
The work will be done on the exterior north walls and part of the south walls and will be the first time in nearly two centuries that these walls have been exposed.
It smelled delicious and looked wonderful. She had cut it like this for practical reasons - in order to fit the narrow drawer-like oven at the bottom of her wood- burning stove.
Although the Nationalist Chinese government of Taiwan is the archrival of the Chinese Communists, hostility between the two sides has eased in recent years.
I suppose it seriously cut into our business.
She tells me to "repent you pork-pie-wearing sinner" when I get out of line.
The People's Daily, the official voice of the party, said in a front-page editorial that the two parties have "unshirkable duties" to carry forth the great traditions of the Chinese people.
Doll said the ill-fated plane did not have a history of unusual cargo door problems, and that United recorded a total of 112 problems with forward and aft cargo doors in its 747s between March 1986 and February 1989.
Ikea's market is crowded, too, with such well-managed competitors as Crate & Barrel and Pier 1. "Their market is finite because it is so narrow," says Mr. Bradley of Levitz Furniture.
Bulger and Finnerty denounced those allegations, but Bulger has largely refrained from defending himself in public.
The investment bank has advised the government on several privatisation issues. Since joining Banque Indosuez in 1979, Mr Jeancourt-Galignani has established a reputation as a respected financier.
If you are a student, switch from political science to history.
Israel and Jordan resume peace talks at the Dead Sea.
"September was up more than people thought," said David Berson, senior economist at the Federal National Mortgage Association.
Elections are tentatively scheduled for July.
Making members of mutuals effective owners is a lost cause.
The United States does not recognize the Vietnamese-installed Phnom Penh government and has supported guerrillas fighting for its overthrow.
'It comes from years of feeling that you can't say what you want.
Loc is casual so far about his own success.
Molecular Biosystems dropped 5/8 to 18 3/4.
The award is named in honor of a U.S. Secret Service agency killed in the line of duty.
If the office finds that unfair practices do exist and the dispute cannot be resolved through negotiations or the GATT machinery, it recommends action to the president.
Of course, not every endangered-species conflict can be so neatly resolved.
Undersecretary Richard T. Crowder, who directly oversees international and commodity programs in the Agriculture Department, said EEP programs are "in place for all the major targeted customers and markets" of American farmers.
The Europe is truly different.
A report from a substance abuse treatment center at St. John's Hospital in Salina states that Braun first got drunk at age 13 and first smoked marijuana at 15.
At the time, AFG Partners had accumulated a 9.8% stake in Lear.
When 10 buses from Gainesville pulled up to the Days Inn in suburban Kenner on Friday, nearly 200 of the 600 students learned they didn't have a place to sleep.
The late bid price in Zurich, Switzerland, was $377.30, down from $377.75.
Adding to the downdraft was the Chicago Purchasing Management Association's June survey of area business conditions showing a modest decline, indicating the regional economy is still contracting.
By last week, though, all of Drexel's good fortune had run out. Milken was gone as part of a December 1988 agreement between the firm and the federal government to settle charges of fraud, and Drexel faced a host of other legal battles.
Alumni and professors from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology alone started more than 600 companies in the state, and students are big spenders in the local economy.
Certainly others did worse before him.
TREASURY BILLS: Results of the Monday, April 2, 1990, auction of short-term U.S. government bills, sold at a discount from face value in units of $10,000 to $1 million: 7.83%, 13 weeks; 7.81%, 26 weeks.
Scientists believe as many as 6 billion melaleuca are in South Florida, covering one-fourth of the Everglades, and they could cover three-fourths of the Everglades by the end of the decade.
The English-language newspaper said total trade fell to $8.58 billion in the seven months from $9.49 billion a year earlier.
It would cut the county's corn output to three million bushels from 8.3 million last year.
The shares jumped 14 to 167p. Selling in the traded options led to a fall in Rolls-Royce shares in the last half hour of trading.
"Since so many young people are killed and injured each year riding ATVs, it is essential that dealers follow the age recommendations.
The Paterson school board has given Mr. Clark no support in his effort.
Eastern sought bankruptcy protection a few days later.
McBirnie planned to use the Concord to house his own parishioners and the loyal listeners to his anti-communist radio broadcasts, "Voice of Americanism," she said.
A half-dozen people can crowd into the largest room.
'With Genoa's traditions as a seaport, the original idea was to create a big event concentrating on communications, especially on a cultural level,' Mr Roberto recalls.
The holes would have to be punched inches apart, he said.
Kirnan and David Healy, of Barclays-BZW in New York, said cost-cutting programs, especially at Chrysler, softened the impact of severe production cuts in January and costs of incentives throughout the period.
The scope of the medical system clearly shows that officials want to be prepared should war break out.
However, Indonesian Foreign Minister Ali Alatas said Friday in Jakarta that he was unsure if the session would occur because of unclear signals from the Cambodian government.
"It's a story about time, and that's universal, and it's a story about two people who need each other but have to destroy each other in order to survive.
After the launch, an official from Asia Satellite announced that the company would donate the use of six of the satellite's 24 transponders to Asian broadcasters covering the Asian Games in Beijing this September.
It can determine in hours if a cell has been infected with AIDS, for example, something that would take six weeks using tests in a culture medium, Fildes said.
The GAO report said the agreement did not meet various requirements of the Atomic Energy Act.
Moreover, Chrysler could have a tough time trying to sell the new Jeep Grand Cherokee alongside the current, lower-priced Cherokee.
Nevertheless, he said that "I recognize you have been under tremendous pressure from throughout the country" and that some changes are inevitable.
Indiana and Kansas investigators have tentatively set a meeting next week to discuss the killings in both states, which are "strikingly similar," said Capt.
Mr. Conger attributed the expanded gold output to increasing production from the McLaughlin mine in northern California, which opened in April 1985.
A person who actually believes in something is likely to have his or her reputation and career destroyed by letting substance get in the way of image.
There was no doubt Hammerson needed a rights issue.
Such an appeal, which must come within 30 days, could delay full implementation of the reorganization for at least several months.
But contracts entered into before today for exploration and appraisal will continue to get relief against PRT on existing fields for the next two years.
Many were buried by faithful Buddhists and Hindus when Indonesia was invaded by Moslems 400 years ago.
He met his wife, Rosie, seven years ago, and she persuaded him to apply for amnesty.
Three people were killed and 21 injured when two passenger trains collided head-on 80 miles north of Lisbon.
Rep. Dennis Eckart of Ohio, giving the Democrats' response, said Dukakis and Bentsen would do more than the Republicans to answer Americans' most pressing concerns.
Cells consist of several machine tools served by automated materials-handling equipment and controlled by a computer that can make a variety of parts without a human operator.
Television talk show host Oprah Winfrey came home for the renaming of the winding gravel road that runs in front of the house where she was born.
Prices for bread have tripled.
ONGPIN WAS REPLACED as Manila's finance chief and Laurel resigned a post.
Weinberger instead admonished the three.
Staveley said order intake showed a 'favourable swing', with contracting down 8 per cent but maintenance up 19 per cent.
"We're not political pros, but we've got political seasoning," says George W. Bush, the vice president's eldest son and a top campaign strategist, in what may be a bit of understatement.
Charges against the Chicago publisher were dropped in July.
Tobacco marketers deny targeting children.
Although the total tax burden on the U.S. economy is rising, the tax reforms of the 1980s mean that taxes do less to discourage production and investment than did the highly progressive rates of 20 years ago.
She has lived in the inner-city neighborhood since 1952, and said the gun belonged to her husband, who died in 1979.
On Tuesday, Shamir told settlers he supported a change in policy to permit civilians and soldiers to open fire on Arab stone-throwers without shooting warning rounds first.
So, I have learned, at the very least, to tolerate computer fishing.
The filing of a criminal information suggests that the department expects Mr. Sheridan to cooperate with investigators.
"A megadealership may have two machines and eight stores and run them back and forth" cutting costs and increasing profits, Ysser said.
A sharp rise in agricultural exports is a key factor in the new administration's economic recovery program.
The court-ordered freeze will be in effect until next Friday, during which a receiver, Los Angeles lawyer Robert Carlson will try to determine where the funds are.
First International Trust is a unit of South Africa-based Liberty Life.
Roberts, a native of Harlem who has been active in the Outward Bound program, said he wants to demonstrate to inner-city children that they can make their dreams come true.
They were warned that only much improved performance would secure the pit's future beyond next March.
There is good news for the business, however.
However, Israeli press reports said the yacht was hijacked off Libya, the group's main base.
Soviet journalists' new freedoms include the right to attend meetings and be present at the scene of disasters, the right to refuse to prepare reports that are against a journalist's convictions and the right to hold interviews with officials.
In Hong Kong Friday, gold was quoted at $369.05 an ounce.
Karen Blumenthal contributed to this article.
But the popularity of other types of loans is growing.
A young mother used her 3-year-old son to help burglarize homes, authorities said.
In the pending suit, the company alleged that the union, by using a corporate campaign, isn't bargaining in good faith.
But six months into his presidency, Salinas now speaks with the authority of some solid progress on one of Mexico's most pressing problems: its $107.4 billion foreign debt.
Last month, Tyson said it sold 82% of National By-Products and other subsidiaries earmarked for sale to THF Inc., a closely held leasing company, as a way of quickly pulling cash from the units' planned sale.
Volume on the NYSE floor totaled 128.56 million shares, down from 176.96 million in the previous session.
"However, a hard core of high protection has remained," said the survey, which also criticized other parts of Japanese trade policy and predicted rising pressure from Third World exports.
The death came as a shock to a family that has had to deal with the strain of years of imprisonment of Joseph Cicippio Sr., 60, and threats by his kidnappers.
And Crane of the European Southern Observatory in Munich, Germany, was one of hundreds of astronomers who wanted to be here for the big event.
Quantum rose 1 to 19 after an analyst raised his fiscal 1992 earnings estimate for the company to $3 a share from $2.65 a share.
This is partly because the FDIC's goal is to sell, rather than manage, the portfolio.
To a considerable degree, of course, this results from his decisive leadership of the nation in the Gulf War and his ensuing popularity.
It said the Israeli troops suffered no casualties.
AUTODESK INC. sold 2,640,836 common shares at $24 each.
We don't have much choice." Last week, priests, nuns and parishioners from nine churches said they would defy the closing order.
Of course the grand arcade of Le Corbusier's Chandigarh courts comes to mind - but here is marble, plaster and golden stone, not sad and stained concrete.
The company's third-quarter results were hurt by weak auto markets, which account for 17% of sales, and construction markets, which account for 13%, he said.
For each Prime share, holders will be entitled to receive one Corona Gold share and one share of a successor company to be known as Prime Equities Inc., which will comprise Prime Resources' holdings in junior exploration concerns.
But then maybe the Verves are best pursued piecemeal.
Forecasts for the three months to the end of December range from Pounds 220m to Pounds 240m.
Upgrading the volunteer weather network and setting up regional climate centers, $12.2 million.
The agency said 3.5 ounces of beef cost 86 cents in New York and 97 cents in Hamburg last November but cost $2.75 in Tokyo.
Volkswagen and the Madrid government yesterday came close to an agreement in negotiations over state aid for Seat, the German vehicle group's crippled Spanish subsidiary.
SmithKline Beckman Corp. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of a 800 milligram, once-daily dose of Tagamet for treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcers.
The lead actress will be unable to learn all the required sign language by showtime, Ms. Perkins said.
She said it also contains a "fence agreement" guaranteeing that Eastern would remain separate from Continental Airlines.
Families of some of the 39 people killed in the Heysel stadium riot attended the trial, which was interrupted twice by bomb threats.
The world's top maker of ceramic packages for integrated circuits will produce more cheerful news when it produces interim results today.
And Drexel's long battle with Washington may have curbed its taste for takeover fights.
Three Britons are held hostage in Lebanon.
The crew will be Navy Cmdr.
Lower interest rates alone, he says, will not revive a market in which buyers believe asset values will continue to fall.
The July contract for West Texas Intermediate, the benchmark U.S. crude oil, rose 40 cents to close at $16.83 a barrel Tuesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Which pasta purveyor also produces cigarettes?
Other country funds, too, have soared far above the value of their underlying stock assets.
Bond dealer Discount Corp. recently reported a net loss of $8.1 million for the second quarter.
"I'd rather concentrate on meaningful topics of substance."
Other American and, increasingly, European cities know that it could be their turn next.
Trading activity was extremely light through much of the afternoon as the market suffered another quiet session.
The KGB several years ago detained an airline executive in the middle of a hash near Gorky Street.
Still, the campaign is a major departure for Greyhound, whose most recent ad efforts featured the tag line "Catch a Money Saver on Greyhound" and pitched almost exclusively its low fares.
About 500 scientists attending the 10-day conference are expected to draft a new program proposing ways to fight the so-called greenhouse effect.
He also said time must be allowed for such things as voter registration and fair campaigning.
Trump, who is married, responded: "Leonard Stern understands exactly what's going on.
Collor's announcement that he intended to fire 320,000 to 400,000 government employees was seen partly as a response to the critics.
Japan's surplus with the United States fell to $2.97 billion from $4.15 billion a year earlier, it said.
Officials alleged the children were subjected to systematic beatings and other abuse.
Action on these bills now shifts to the Senate, which has passed one pro-labor measure of its own.
Rostropovich was soloist in Bloch's "Schelomo, Hebrew Rhapsody for Cello and Orchestra."
But the new materials, a type of ceramic, are hard to form into usable shapes, such as the thin films of material needed to create microscopic circuits on chips.
The instructions for changing the combinations on the locks to that ministry's safes are so complicated that hardly anybody bothers.
Mr. Lapthorne said Courtaulds would welcome Mr. Packer as a long-term investor but would fiercely defend its independence against hostile predators.
The other was the emergence of a Senate compromise that shifts the burden of deciding cases of "obscene art" from the NEA to the courts.
Hezbollah is believed to be an umbrella group for Shiite extremists who hold most of the 16 Westerners missing in Lebanon. Some of the hostages have been reported held in the Bekaa at various times.
Ashley Deloach didn't hesitate when the teacher asked her class to draw what they wanted for Christmas.
You defend your culture or you simply imitate.'
About 31,000 jobs in the latest increase reflected the return of workers after the settlement of labor disputes, mostly at USX Corp., the Pittsburgh-based steel and energy concern.
On Monday and Tuesday, rail services were badly disrupted by a ban on overtime by train drivers belonging to another union, the Associated Society of Locomotive Engineers and Firemen.
Mirza said that when he learned he was being released, "I was happy.
His left-of-center movement and other opposition groups continue an intense war of words for the public trust with the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party.
No one was injured in either blast but both bombs caused extensive damage. Five bombs were set off in north London yesterday morning, causing havoc with rush-hour traffic but apparently causing no injuries and only minor damage.
Separately, Sun said it entered an accounts-receivable financing arrangement with units of J.P. Morgan & Co. of New York.
The most interesting question the book asks - does goodness spawn evil? - is hardly explored.
A seven-member tribunal, headed by Brig. Gen.
The United States has so far pledged $2.5 million.
The Energy Department has removed one hurdle to a $78 million settlement with neighbors of the Fernald uranium processing plant, and revealed another obstacle _ the fact that no funds are available to pay it.
He contends that media coverage of the trial pressured more states to take action than might have otherwise.
And when it isn't good, it's boring.
By the end of the voyage he had accumulated Dollars 500, a considerable sum in those days. Eisenberg joined his parents in Shanghai where his father had established himself as a vegetable oil seller. The young Eisenberg then ventured to Japan.
Olwine was recently hired to represent British partners of Price Waterhouse in civil suits stemming from its role as an accountant for Bank of Credit & Commerce International, Mr. Weyher said.
The deposits wouldn't be available to do that.
His life, including his skirmishes with a competing sketch artist, seems carefree.
But they believe regulatory sentiment now is finally on their side.
If the two sides don't agree with the team's decision, the matter will go to the arbitration panel.
"We think the outlook is pretty stable for Japanese banks," she says.
When they sell their farms, they include the riverbed as part of the property, he said.
He planned a full day of campaigning across the state both today and Saturday.
In return for such protection, employees gave up the right to sue their employers, but litigation has increased substantially over the years, as have the scope of compensation claims.
But even if the restrictions were lifted, there would be little positive impact on the company's performance this year. Mr Brown noted that there was still 'massive uncertainty' over the impact of future regulations.
In a Persian Gulf battle, troops wouldn't have to worry about running their tanks over threatened desert tortoises.
A bomb ripped apart a three-story hotel in the center of the old city, killing 13 people and wounding four others, police said.
The gold mining company said it increased the estimate as a result of exploratory drilling last fall.
He was a very discreet man." So seems his widow, Lady Oona, who still resides in the Chaplins' Manoir de Ban _ an 18th-century manor just above Corsier _ but who is rarely seen in the village.
"It's a part of history that we're Sleepy Hollow," said Chris Skelly, a member of the Village of Sleepy Hollow Committee. "It's not a made-up name.
Juan Yanez Guzman, 38, outbid four other people at a Santiago auction to obtain the signed, 15-inch by 19-inch painting entitled "View of Waidhofen."
Henry Waxman and Edward Markey and the broad range of legislators and organizations that supported ITVS's enabling legislation did so to foster politically "congenial" programming.
In a country where not everybody can get a telephone, a sumptuous, illegally built luxury hideaway for top army brass had phones in the sauna and on docks within arm's reach of fishing generals.
She works part-time as Robin's legendary paramour at "Tales of Robin Hood," a two-year-old tourist attraction plunked down in the concrete jungle of modern-day Nottingham.
"The waste generator has the ultimate cradle-to-grave responsibility for the waste," says Yogen Rahangdale, Chrysler's manager, paint and anti-corrosion.
Press Association, the domestic news agency, said it received a call at its London office from a man who claimed the plant was bombed by the Scottish National Liberation Army.
Jews revere the wall as the last remnant of the ancient Jewish temple.
The town was without electricity, and officials said there were many gas leaks but no fires.
The results are spelled out in a 200-plus page report with attached charts and graphs that is supplied to Power's carmaker clients, who pay tens of thousands of dollars for the information.
So Skinner flew back to Chicago Tuesday night _ empty-handed again.
"Iraq is a member of OPEC, and has the right to participate in any of its meetings," acting Foreign Minister Adolfo Raul Taylhardat told reporters.
The passengers would be carried free of charge, it said.
Mike DeAngelis, manager of the state energy commission's research and development office, said he doubts that any of those ideas will work. "If this is a problem, it's going to remain a problem," he said.
If times were good, farmers kept their mouths shut, knowing that another drought or something bad was right around the corner.
The defense seized on the issue, telling the jury not to trust convicted criminals and liars.
The Minneapolis recreational products concern agreed to go private at $31.50 a share, $2.50 a share more than Chairman Irwin Jacobs had offered last month.
About nine of 10 are being refused refugee status.
But since then, sales have eroded amid criticism that the subcompacts' styling had become stale.
Prior to the merger, Agfa-Gevaert owned about 84% of Compugraphic's 8.4 million shares outstanding.
"We're also saving a tremendous amount of money," he says. "With `Mama's Family,' all we do is plug it into a tape machine.
Law and Order Minister Adriaan Vlok said Thursday that police were investigating all aspects of the controversy, including the alleged abductions, the disappearance of Stompie and the charges of sexual abuse.
The panel's board of directors includes former Cowboys quarterback Roger Staubach, golf legend Byron Nelson and Dallas Mavericks general manager Norm Sonju.
CB officials said the amount paid for use of the name and noncompeting agreement was actually a third less, but they declined to state a specific number.
General Motors Corp.'s Saturn subsidiary is planning to produce 10 models by 1994 and possibly expand its current one-plant operation, a trade journal said today.
The company said Mrs. McMullin, 47, is leaving voluntarily to pursue personal interests.
When the UK entered the European Community's exchange rate mechanism in October 1990 inflation was more than 10 per cent.
Clarence Cobb, a member of UAW Local 7 in Detroit, said it was time for a strike against Chrysler.
Details of the soybean decision have not been released.
Mr. Del Gaizo, through his lawyer, denies both allegations.
Meanwhile, new evidence of weakening economic activity raised speculation that a significant slowdown might be a serious drag on corporate profits.
True, the traditional curriculum has lost much of its authority and certainly needs updating.
Man is dynamic, determined to shape his own future.
A billboard above the union hall said, "There is hope," and was signed by the UAW 581 Bible Group.
Maybe he would announce the release of a few hundred political prisoners during his welcoming address to a plenary session of the congress or while sipping cocktails at a reception for delegates.
A lot of English wine should never have been made, admits the head of the English Vineyards Association.
He joined the university's English faculty in 1953 and became a full professor in 1961.
"Let's leave it in the gossip column."
"We are looking to continued profitable growth in the second half of the year," said John W. Amerman, chairman and chief executive officer.
The result is a product for every niche.
Aeroflot's resumption of service to Indonesia in July is another sign of improving relations between the Soviet Union and Southeast Asia, which were sour throughout the 1980s.
Iraq has agreed to send home all Iranian prisoners of war if Iran reciprocates, and an Iranian diplomat said Tuesday he saw no reason why the exchange could not proceed.
For instance, a bacteria that resists the formation of ice has been sprayed on strawberries to help the plants resist frost.
United Airlines plans to put major new restrictions on its frequent-flier program, limiting when free travel awards can be used.
About 20,550 gallons of a petroleum refinery waste product drained from an overturned tanker, said Millie McGuigan, operations officer for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency.
Some Turkish politicians take this very badly, notably President Turgut Ozal who masterminded the 1987 application.
The dollar fell sharply again yesterday, but it was overshadowed in the credit markets by the stock market's woes.
The Boeing Co. pleaded guilty today to two felony charges of "unauthorized conveyance" of secret Pentagon budget documents and agreed to pay more than $5.2 million in fines and restitution.
The group did not reveal what percentage of interim profits came from these sales. Earlier this year, MAS forecast taxable profits for the current year of MDollars 372m.
Several OPEC officials are taking seriously the involvement of another American in this week's meetings.
The earnings decline followed a 23% drop in the first quarter to $200 million, or 62 cents a share.
"I would even say that we expect it, though we don't expect it on any particular timetable.
It was all part of an exposition of film sets depicting different city scenes.
"If you don't raise enough up front, or if you don't meet your time line, that's when you hit the valley of death," says William E. Wetzel Jr., director of the University of New Hampshire's Center for Venture Research.
The fun is creating it, not living in it.
The currency recovered last week after slipping below L1,110 against the D-Mark. The key event will be the credibility of prime minister Mr Silvio Berlusconi's appearance before the Lower House this week.
And though it's still reorganizing, he fancies Greyhound Lines, the beleaguered bus company known to traders as "the dogs." Mr. Gordon owns some 13% Greyhound bonds and expects the company to issue new stock later this year.
She testified Mrs. Lundgren taught female cult members to be "carnal, sensual and devilish" and helped plan the Avery slayings.
Spring will report to the Army Space Program's Fairfax, Va., headquarters on Sept. 1, NASA spokesman Jeff Carr said Friday. Spring will train for nine months before becoming director next June.
Both union officials and Greyhound's Currey issued condolence messages to the dead man's family, but Currey went on to suggest the strikers were at fault.
Lott was elected in 1972 to succeed his one-time employer on Capitol Hill, the late Rep. William Colmer, when the Democrat retired.
And in our breakdown, Dix came out at the bottom of the list in a category where we had excess capacity _ basic training, advanced individual training and these types of things.
The company won numerous settlements, but Sumitomo Electric Industries Ltd. of Japan remained a holdout.
The company has 4,410,459 shares outstanding; Mr. Murray controls about 14%.
"We only have to sell 13% of our available ad time to turn a profit."
Mr Sarukhanov was closely involved with Russia's oil production joint venture with the Vietnamese government. Mr Hall said Aminex would not be exploring in Siberia.
It's letting go of the spirits of the people in that area.
Zhang was transferred from a hospital to a jail in Fukuoka on Dec. 31, and sent to a detention house in Tokyo Jan. 11.
Among other farm commodities, the Agriculture Department raised its estimate of U.S. cotton production to 16.2 million bales from 16 million bales in June.
Yet there is deep-seated suspicion that the United States is unwilling to cede, just 11 years from now, its extensive military installations.
Drexel has requested a 120-day extension from a June 13 deadline to file a reorganization plan in U.S. Bankruptcy Court. A spokesman declined to discuss the plan and Drexel attorneys did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
Former Attorney General Edwin Meese III testified at Oliver North's trial Tuesday that the specter of impeachment hung over the White House in the 72 hours after aides discovered a planned diversion of Iran arms sale money to the Nicaraguan Contras.
Once a month, Town Hall becomes the Full Moon Coffeehouse for performances benefiting causes from tax resistance to a group that opposed state surveillance flights to ferret out marijuana growers.
Whether it increases sales of sweets, petrol or toothpaste as effectively as the old jingles and pack shots is a different matter entirely.
Mother Teresa was awarded the 1979 Nobel Peace Prize for her work with the poor.
The hospital sued for the right to comply with her wishes.
Sources say Carl Icahn, the New York investor, has accumulated about 2% or more of Tenneco's shares, which have a total market value of about $8.7 billion.
The accord, signed in Kourou, French Guiana, says the rebels will not be disarmed but instead withdraw to three locations until they are later enlisted in a special police unit, the Dutch reports said.
The stock market settled for a mixed showing after last week's rally ran into some resistance despite a continued slide in oil futures prices.
The project is supported by almost $2 million from the National Science Foundation; $700,000 from the Carnegie Corp.; $1.1 million from IBM, and $735,000 from the particpating states.
Its benevolent attitude toward employees and customers - dubbed "the H-P Way" - has made it a model for high-tech companies in Silicon Valley for half a century.
Battelle borrowed ideas for Manny's arm from the robotic Michael Jackson performing at Disney World, said David W. Bennett, a Battelle technical group leader for mechanical systems and robotics.
After three quarters of declining profits, Pilgrim's, in its first quarter ended Jan. 2, reported a loss before an extraordinary item of about $5.3 million on sales of $98.5 million.
Generali had hoped to prevent Midi's shareholders from voting at their annual meeting today on a resolution that would merge Midi's insurance subsidiary with the insurance activities of AXA, a French rival of Generali.
It is quite natural for the corporate sector to take a lead.' But such initiatives cut little ice with the FoE, which views market environmentalism as an inherently flawed concept.
Is the taxi driver a spy?
Whether you are buying a new home or have determined you need additional coverage on an existing policy, you should consult with your insurance agent to guarantee that you have the appropriate coverage.
South Korea's 120,000 police have been placed on top alert.
So the view here is that the Sandinistas, despite persistent economic problems, are more entrenched than ever.
The scientists' findings are being presented this week at the American College of Radiology's 24th annual National Conference on Breast Cancer.
Police estimate that about 250,000 people, one-quarter of the enclave's population, have fled to safer areas in Lebanon or left the country since the fighting broke out.
It had been feared that oil might move around Gore Point southwest of Prince William Sound and north into Cook Inlet, where a lucrative halibut fishery is scheduled to open in a month.
Six bombings in Johannesburg in a week, including an attack July 6 on a black bus station that injured 24 people, are seen as the first major offensive by the right wing.
However, there is little expectation that the notoriously slow justice system will follow up with a jail sentence. Collor is even hoping to regain his political rights, which were stripped for eight years.
Mr Hosokawa has so far refused LDP demands to ask his former aide, who handled his financial affairs, to testify in parliament and has been unable to produce receipts showing he repaid the Y100m.
In fact, one-third of investment in that state over the past two years has come from Japan.
However, Ramsey set bail of $250,000 pending appeal for Ng, who has been in custody since his conviction in November.
Funaro never seems to win," says Mr. de Souza.
Nonetheless, both interest and exchange rates have worked to the company's advantage, he said.
However, the government was forced again to bail out large state-owned factories hard hit by the austerity program that has reduced inflation.
However, the increases were concentrated in supermarkets, while department store sales declined by 0.7 per cent.
Pricing, terms and conditions on the preferred stock are to be announced later, officials said.
This is one of those essays that most of us know is important but cannot quite understand.
That level of output sent world petroleum prices skidding.
The suit said the time involved in getting such a waiver, sometimes three weeks or more, is too long.
After assessing the weather late Monday, shuttle managers directed technicians to once more pump 524,000 gallons of liquid hydrogen and oxygen into Columbia's huge external fuel tank.
Cocom is a leading European developer of high-speed Internet access solutions over cable, satellite and wireless networks based on international standards.
American evangelist Billy Graham said today he was encouraged by the growing but still limited religious freedom in China and was optimistic about Christianity's future in the communist nation.
He says Mattel studied commercials for about 200 of its products over three years to determine whether network or non-network spots sold best.
There were suits and countersuits and, ultimately, what she calls "an amicable settlement" in which Gulf & Western gave Mrs. Everett its interest in Hollywood Park.
By the early 1980s the company had evolved into one of the country's biggest trucking companies.
He contacted, his people contacted a parliamentarian in Canada, roughly the same day they contacted the Foreign Minister of Germany, roughly the time they contacted a member of parliament in the United Kingdom.
Such an instance arose with Prime Minister Papandreou's letter to Gen.
My father is very troubled about it." She is speaking Russian, too, and her father looks pained.
Smith did not believe that experience of the retail sector was a necessary prerequisite.
Fares would be about 20 percent below air fares and, on some shorter routes, 40 percent lower, the administrator said.
Mr. Geran of E.F. Hutton predicted that despite a "tough environment," the company will continue to be profitable.
Cash, a Country Music Hall of Fame member, has since campaigned against drug and alcohol abuse.
The mark fell to about 0.86509 Swiss franc from 0.8662 franc Friday in New York.
The shares fell Dollars 3/4 to Dollars 27 yesterday.
He has held talks with Iraqi Foreign Minister Tariq Aziz on the situation in the area and the Israeli occupied territory.
Sunday talk shows are a great place to peddle ideas to a large audience, but some care needs to be exercised in dealing with sensitive subjects.
A distinguished musicologist, for instance, now sells mineral water on the streets of Moscow.
"What people are looking for today is a quick oil change," says Sherman Glass Jr., a business-development manager at Exxon U.S.A.
The Union forces fought a bloody civil war to squash a separate confederacy.
However, no lava movement was seen in Kalapana on Thursday, Butts said.
According to the sources, Carlucci has approved the idea of "providing flexibility" to the Navy on convoys.
Mailer, who attended Abbott's criminal trial, was absent from the latest one.
The judgment was entered in a case brought by State Industries Inc., a competitor, that alleged infringement of a patent for a method of applying polyurethane foam insulation to gas water heaters.
"If South African loans were rescheduled for say only one year at a time, that would enable us to see how much progress is made in the reform program.
Theorists of "race suicide" assumed that once a Romanian, always a Romanian, even unto the third and fourth generation.
The MBA has not declared war, she says, and it is not out to deny the Realtors or their customers anything.
But this is a tricky business.
After calling more than a dozen carriers, she says, she finally found coverage that costs more than $1,200 a year.
The U.S. Department of Energy, which owns the plant, had expressed concern about the dam when heavy rainfall filled Holding Pond C2 to 75 percent of capacity.
Anyway, I ended up at the Yama restaurant and ate shredded pork for $14.52, fried rice for $6.53 and iced tea for $2.54.
More than halfway through the Olympics, fears of an attack by North Korea against the Games have receded.
The oil patch was no more understanding.
Oil futures traders focused on the hour-to-hour developments of the strike by 4,000 of Norway's oil workers that began late Saturday and shut down Norway's total crude oil output of 1,630,000 barrels a day.
The justices, without comment, let stand rulings that officer Don R. Speer failed to prove the Joplin Globe acted with "actual malice" when it accused him in an editorial of using excessive force.
Three people died on roads in Wisconsin.
The gain reflected efficiency improvements and cost cuts.
A broad range of shares posted gains on buying led by foreign investors, who picked up major companies in each sector, including laggard groups such as chemical and shipping, traders said.
Dzhurov, a longtime associate of ousted Communist Party chief Todor Zhivkov, had been defense chief since 1962.
Underwriters reported mostly sluggish sales for yesterday's slate of new corporate offerings.
U S West Inc. postponed plans to sell 17% of its cellular phone business in an initial public offering because of the stock market crash.
"For the wildlife artist there's nothing greater than the Federal Duck Stamp," says Neal Anderson, the winner last year, who was selected in his sixth try with a painting of a pair of lesser scaup nestled amid a growth of reeds in a pond.
'I claim that is because one is natural and the other totally unnatural.'
Come the fall, the networks will find out if anyone's buying.
Both stocks have moved up in recent days on takeover speculation.
Now, the tank walls are soundproofed and the pumps and filtration system are isolated from the exhibit so that the animals won't be bothered by vibrations.
Twenty kilotons, the force of 20,000 tons of TNT, was the yield of the U.S. atom bomb dropped on Hiroshima, Japan in 1945.
"Here you have the biggest markets around and you have the most permissive attitude about allowing people to do takeovers."
Perhaps it had an overgeared financial structure and a management which has consistently failed to perform,' says Mr Hollidge.
The observers are important to both sides; Mrs. Chamorro's United National Opposition hopes they will enforce a fair vote, while the Sandinistas want to legitimize their government.
They answer simply, "Yes." The most popular of those commercials stars "Saturday Night Live" comic Kevin Nealon in his smarmy "Mr.
We all have our excesses.
Says David Doubilet, an underwater photographer for National Geographic magazine: "Sharks, to be quite honest, are cold fish."
Europe came next at $1.06 billion, a rise of 1.54%.
Ortega accused the United States of encouraging military hardliners in the Contra leadership by deciding to give the rebels non-lethal aid in violation of the preliminary peace accord his government signed with the Contras March 23.
Looters shouted epihets at Arab store owners and Moslems were the targets of anger.
He has raped and plundered a defenseless neighbor, not for any high moral purpose, but for oil, money and power.
Dealers said they expect the council to vote to lift the discount rate by half a percentage point to 3 percent and to increase domestic money market rates by a quarter percentage point.
Interest charges fell from Dollars 123.7m to Dollars 110m. Kroger's poor results are partly due to a strike by clerks and meat-cutters in the Michigan region.
Three people were rescued shortly after the structure collapsed and did not suffer major injuries.
Troy ironmaster Henry Burden built the world's biggest hydropower waterwheel, and his mills churned out a horseshoe every second, shodding almost all the horses used by the North in the Civil War.
A recent survey by a trade magazine shows that respondents recall the new "Nobody fits you like Goodyear" ads over those of competitors such as Groupe Michelin of France, and Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., a unit of Bridgestone Corp. of Japan.
Last week, a federal appeals court ruled that the government could place broad controls on Princeton/Newport's assets to preserve property that might have to be forfeited, should the partners be convicted on RICO charges.
Police stormed a car today in which a woman held her 15-month-old son hostage at knife-point for over 13 hours, rescuing the boy and arresting his mother, officials said.
The House amendment was introduced by Rep. Jim Chapman, D-Texas.
Building supply stores rushed to fill orders for glass, plywood, cement, flashlights, power generators _ and tarpaulins to shield from the rain.
GOOD management ideas have always taken a long time to trickle down from concept into common practice.
Also today, a legislator who died during relief efforts following the deadly June 21 quake in northernwestern Iran was given a hero's burial.
"I did not ask him to make any calls.
And they said that right up to Super Tuesday Eve.
About two dozens toilets and urinals in the King County Courthouse exploded when they were flushed after an air compressor was mistakenly connected to a water line, officials said.
Throughout his testimony, Judge Sessions sought to demonstrate his independence.
Taking a cue from industry, some cities are managing their real estate aggressively, like a portfolio of securities.
Krieger said the government also plans to present pilot experts, including an Eastern Airlines official who will testify about Delta's pilot training programs.
Heeding requests from older members, the ones closer to 36 than 27, he has been bringing back some of the old music.
Crews fought two out-of-control fires in eastern Utah.
The dollar kept rising against the yen.
People are intimidated and reluctant to complain.
At his news conference, Savimbi also offered to bow out of peace talks and instead send other rebel leaders.
But is the past really over?
The United States is the largest market for Japanese car exports.
A winter storm watch also was in effect Saturday for southern Wisconsin.
Restricted viewing is censorship," Luis Brown, a student spokesman, said at a rally outside the school as about 200 people cheered.
"A 10-year trend is not unusual."
A man who was killed by police after pretending to hold a teen-age girl hostage for three hours had a history of erratic behavior and family problems, said a woman who had been one of his many foster mothers.
With Congress returning from a two-month recess, Untermeyer said the White House will send up 30 nominations on Tuesday.
St. Louis-based Monsanto, a diversified company that also owns Searle pharmaceuticals, reported net income of $126 million, or $1.88 per share, on sales of $2.06 billion.
At federal levels, at least half of the island's population would qualify for some kind of welfare, but Mr. Romero Barcelo argues that this would add to consumer demand and promote prosperity.
It hasn't yet reported 1990 sales.
But we must go on." A federal budget measure signed last year by President George Bush deleted more than $200 million for the aging Blackbirds.
There was no immediate government response.
Tomorrow night was his debut as a deejay at the Henry Horner Boys Club.
Initially aligned with the isolationists, Mr. Beazley has now opted for involvement.
The singing is assured, even relieved, the sound of three wise women gratified to still be together.
Robert Vander Lugt, took the witness stand Thursday to support Thunman's testimony.
Iraq's other major arms suppliers, including China, said they would do the same.
Also, unions often challenge the sincerity of the new safety programs, since labor groups are rarely invited to participate and the programs aren't included in contracts.
"They have more than a passing interest in the Bush-Gorbachev talks," said Joel Karlin, an analyst with Research Department Inc., a brokers' advisory service in Chicago.
Recently, investor demand for high-yielding securities has picked up, and the volume of new junk-bond issues has been very low since a huge quantity of new issues hit the market at the end of last year.
We view the Uruguay Round as the preferred means of solving the very troublesome and very real trade problems faced by U.S. industry and agriculture," he said.
Montgomery Ward & Co., the Mobil Corp. unit that is slated for a management-led buy-out, said it named three new senior executives.
Frank Casado, a restaurateur and activist who managed to draw politicians and celebrities to a homey eatery called Lucy's El Adobe Cafe, died Thursday of congestive heart failure at age 66.
Motorola was ordered to stop shipping its 68030 chip, which is used in many of Apple's computers.
If the United States is successful in slowing the flow of cocaine over its borders, he says, smugglers will shift their focus to Europe.
The Asian playboy and the Midwestern kid with dollar signs in his eyes are at the heart of what the Securities and Exchange Commission is calling the second-largest insider-trading case in Wall Street history.
The Treasury is scheduled to announce plans on April 29 to sell what analysts expect will be between $27 billion and $29 billion of new notes and bonds.
Police stormed a barricaded church run by a fundamentalist minister, taking custody of some of his supporters and residents of the home for troubled youths he operated.
They also said they believed the money was meant to improve the quality of life of the Cuban troops in Angola, who were helping the Marxist goverment fight guerrillas.
The O'Brien and the Italian frigate Libeccio shadowed the vessel overnight.
Mesa is in the process of building a 3.8% position in Homestake.
Some of its stylised versions of gangland chants are trite - a simplistic effort to understand the gang mentality that sounds in fact condescending.
"It won't have any significant effect," says the Finance Ministry official.
She graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Bates and taught English and history in Ashland, N.H., and Amesbury schools.
It doesn't apply to partners, though, notes Deborah Walker of KPMG Peat Marwick.
But a document found in the public library in this northern Indiana city last September showed that the former Orpha Ulery was 4 years old when she was counted in the U.S. Census of 1880, making her 112.
This time, Mr. Lorenzo is striking a more conciliatory posture, meeting personally with labor leaders for the first time, and moderating his public statements attacking airline wage rates.
"Merck's product growth was weighted on higher-margin, newer products" that are likely to show continued growth, said Ronald M. Nordmann, an analyst at PaineWebber Inc.
For each year of service in the corps a volunteers would earn a $10,000 voucher that could be used for college, vocational training or a home down payment.
The congressmen of course claim they are upset because he lied to them, but in 10 hours of questioning they failed to make that case.
The Supreme Court is weighing arguments on the constitutionality of Ohio's "gasohol" tax credits, defended by state officials as legitimate incentives but attacked by opponents as discriminatory.
A Soviet newspaper has provided new details about dictator Josef Stalin's death, which has been shrouded in mystery because of incomplete or disputed official accounts.
Aca Joe also reported a loss for its third quarter ending Nov. 2 of $1.6 million, compared with a loss of $3.4 million a year ago.
Some in business who are close observers of the Supreme Court say they aren't surprised by the pattern.
"I feel fortunate not to have to go to prison," Fletcher, 50, said as he left the courthouse. "I was scared.
He then operated his own agency, whose accounts are moving to the Tucker Group, and acted as a consultant to Avrett Free.
In 1986, Geyer was named editor of the Register and Journal-Courier.
The defendants are planning to appeal the convictions.
The uprising in Malakand followed a supreme court decision in February striking down existing laws governing the tribal areas in the north and north-west of Pakistan.
The contract they found reads in part: "Any and all firearms will be bought by the business and held by the overseer for proper use."
It is also acquiring Trenton Group, an exhibitions company. Mr Brian Gilbert, MBC chairman until he resigned in November 1990 after disagreements with the late Mr Robert Maxwell, is buying 25 industrial titles based in Kent.
This meant the difference in air pressure between the fire floor and the adjacent floors would be about half the difference recommended for current smoke control schemes.
Some were particularly upset that Vogel used an office Christmas party in the final weeks of the investigation to catch people off-guard and possibly record their conversations on tape, Crouch said.
'Interest costs and overheads are now more than covered by our rental income and we can address the future with renewed confidence.'
Such cases wouldn't see daylight in the West." EDITOR'S NOTE _ He's been called the "Wizard of Weston," a professional inventor who doesn't believe in wasting his time on products that won't sell.
Raised by her mother, she moved often and sometimes lived in rough neighborhoods.
Four police officers filed a libel suit April 24 against the owners of a weekly newspaper after failing in a legal bid to stop the paper from writing about them.
The company's common shares closed at $1.625, unchanged.
The problem is that concentrations of carbon-14 in the atmosphere vary unpredictably over time.
A third of the Clintons' friends, Mr Vince Foster, another White House lawyer, was found dead last summer, in an apparent suicide. Mr Hubbell's resignation comes just as the administration seemed to be taking the offensive in the Whitewater affair.
"The basic purpose is to show that the industry can step in when their weaker sisters are in trouble," he added.
The couple took another flight Friday morning.
Mr. Goldberg also said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that he is considering eliminating Di Giorgio's San Francisco headquarters and reassigning "various management functions."
In its final report, the panel backed off its earlier recommendations that the audit committee of a corporate board be given approval power in two key areas.
Three West Germans won the Nobel Prize in chemistry for determining the structure of proteins that plants and some bacteria need to convert sunlight to energy through photosynthesis.
"A university never has dollars," Mr. Szwed says.
Meanwhile, London share prices dropped sharply on the jolt that President Bush's political standing took in the New Hampshire primary election, and Frankfurt stocks eased on profit-taking.
The Independence, the first such American warship in the gulf in 16 years, was headed to the Arabian Sea, said a U.S. military source in the gulf.
Drexel said the assets include $1.5 billion in securities, much of it junk bonds, which are high-yield, high-risk instruments.
"You can't push mortgage rates that low without getting some kind of a reaction in housing," said John Tuccillo, the association's chief economist, referring to current interest rates, the lowest since the mid-1970s.
It is working the Absaloka mine of Westmoreland Resources Inc., 25 miles from the grassy hillside where Gen.
Andrus is driven by his slim 3,600-vote victory in 1986.
Licht raised its estimate by 1.5 million tons to 113,614,000 tons, she said.
A Belgian supermarket ordered 3,000 hectolitres of Rioja from a Spanish company.
Jenny Craig went public in late October with an initial offering of five million common shares at $21 each.
The only winners will be the recruitment consultants.' A headhunting firm said the scheme reflected increasing concern about poaching of top employees.
I talked to - and I'm also concerned about certain military action by the Sandinistas.
Sunday _ Mandela leaves prison.
His salary is $195,000 a year.
"Considering we're in a tough recession now, these numbers are pretty good," he said.
Mary R. Sawyer, assistant professor of religious studies at Iowa State University, has studied the issue.
The ATMs were test-marketed for two years in San Diego, San Francisco and Sacramento.
The peace talks were to have begun Monday at a U.S. Embassy facility in Freetown, capital of neighboring Sierra Leone.
The truck maker also will ask holders to vote on certain defensive measures, including staggered terms for the company's directors.
And moreover, in my view, that would draw us into consequences which we can't at this stage forecast and therefore, our country and the United Nations as a whole has a whole range of possibilities of finding a political solution to this problem.
Published reports and rumors recently on Wall Street indicated Kodak planned to sell the Montvale, N.J.-based unit, which had sales of $594 million last year.
" Henderson often teamed up with David Elliott, another Alabama Guard pilot, but Elliott apparently was sick at the time of the flight, said his sister, Sharon Melson.
The relatives said the report, released Tuesday by the President's Commission on Aviation Security and Terrorism, bore out their worst fears about what had happened.
That means computerising securities.
It was the biggest defection ever from Britain's largest and most award-winning agency.
Republican Kent Hance fought off criticisms from his Democratic challenger about trips he made to OPEC meetings and retained his seat on the state board that regulates oil and gas in Texas.
"But participants were inclined to remain on the sidelines today, due to concerns over the release of U.S. economic indicators (later Friday)" he said.
Comedy makes a rare appearance in this year's Academy Awards, with stand-up comic Robin Williams vying with four dramatic performers for the prize as best actor.
There are 34 different sections in the complete outfit, correctly known as a garniture.
While opposition leaders said they would welcome peace talks, they have also indicated they would not retreat from the traditional Turkish demand for a loose federation with both zones.
If Ortega wins and shows he is both committed to democratic values and to refraining from interfering in neighboring countries, the administration and the Congress agree that a new era in U.S.-Nicaraguan relations is possible.
What am I going to say, I'm a plumber?" Cost issues in insurance seem to erupt on a regular basis, accompanied by rising rates, angry responses from state insurance commissioners and threats by companies to drop out of the business.
"It's true the rate of increase is dropping but it is still an increase," Dempsey said.
The Constitution mandates that the Philippines adopt a policy of freedom from nuclear weapons "consistent with the national interest," but legal experts say the phrase falls short of an outright ban.
The statement accused Cools of using his medical activities as a cover for spying on anti-Israeli Shiite guerrillas in south Lebanon.
But I'm sure they couldn't get out, because the fire was there," said the waitress, who was not identified.
Aquarium director John H. Prescott said Wednesday he believed the trade would be good for Rainbow.
"The federal magistrate in Reno said it would be a 'manifest injustice' if we didn't get those pages," the lawyer said.
Those for Retrovir, the Aids treatment, rose 31 per cent to Pounds 103m. The strong dollar helped the figures, but underlying growth for the two products was 26 per cent and 25 per cent, respectively.
He suggests looking closest at phone companies in "countries with real commitment to privatization as an economic theory."
On each visit he nailed down another agreement _ safeguarding the return of exiled Nicaraguan Indians, condemning campaign violence, unfreezing stalled U.S. funds intended for opposition parties.
Yesterday Mr Theo Waigel, the German finance minister, and Mr Michel Sapin, his French counterpart, ruled out such a mini-monetary union. Others believe that monetary easing in Germany will come early enough to rescue the French franc from devaluation.
A head on one side."
But we were notified that he thought that was not in the best interest of Swaggart's evangelical association," said Weirich.
NATO troop movements remain of special interest.
A greater number of suburban households also were victimized _ up from 23.8 percent to 24.2 percent.
A management group abandoned its buyout plan for Purolator Courier Corp., clearing the way for Emery Air Freight Corp. to pursue its $306 million tender offer for Purolator.
"They were in precarious financial shape (already) and any loss of financial assets just shoves them closer to the edge," Mr. Foley said.
His death leaves the government without a credible foil to the Dalai Lama, who has sharply criticized the Chinese for human rights abuses in Tibet.
But loyalty is not an adequate substitute for the widespread conviction that his government's authority would be fatally undermined.
It's a different story at the private syndications.
Sedgwick said its board would keep the interim dividend unchanged from last year's payment of four pence a share.
Snow fell Tuesday from Michigan to New York, while rain dampened areas from the Gulf Coast to New England.
"My husband fled before me to get away from recruiters for both the army and the rebels.
Teresa Chastain was planning to leave her husband after four years of marriage when she died in the fire, said her sister Doris Griffin.
Ultimately the debt is repaid with funds generated by the acquired company's operations or sale of assets.
Two other MG executives joined the Castle board.
In Munich, the Ifo institute said the steel settlement was too high, though it would not tip the economy into recession.
The fourth was flown in Wednesday on a US.
Demjanjuk, 68, was extradited in 1986 to Israel.
That report is expected to show the nation's cattle herd as of Jan. 1 at its lowest level since 1960, said Charles Levitt, senior livestock analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in Chicago.
Mouawad designated Hoss to form a national reconciliation government to implement the accord, which gives the Moslem majority an equal share of power with the Christians.
Pittsburgh-based Allegheny declined to disclose the price, but said its investment at Vandergrift will total about $50 million over the next three to five years.
He should bide his time. Noriega can't last.
Or they could be overwhelmed and lose by a record margin.
At the top of the magazine's cover is the phrase "1919-1990: While alive, he lived," which will be inscribed on Forbes' tombstone.
Machiavelli, that shrewd sociologist of leadership, would have doubted it.
The $35 million jet crashed upside down into hangars at Gillespie Field and exploded.
How much punishment does Mr. Milken deserve?
He had his first major brush with the Kremlin in 1961, when he appealed to Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev to stop testing nuclear weapons.
Vincent said he understood those feelings. "But I don't think there is any disrespect in going on with the World Series," he said.
"I don't think the American public knows what's going on in homeless services today," Gleason said. "Part of it is misinformation, part of it is honest-to-God displaced anger.
Mexico is breaking ground for a line of Third World debtor countries seeking to renegotiate.
Still, some of the 42 students who saw the video complained about it.
Westinghouse executives and industry analysts viewed the dividend cut, the first that the company has recorded, as yet another in a series of blows.
Current observations underestimate it because the disease is relatively new, and only children who develop symptoms soonest after infection are being observed, she said Tuesday.
Mr. Disney says he was aware of the "idiot nephew" comments made about him, although they weren't "made to my face."
In contrast, prices of seven-year Treasury notes ended at 103 12/32 to yield 6.47% compared with 103 15/32 to yield 6.46%.
American Cellular operates cellular phone systems in central and northern New Jersey and in the Wilmington, Del., area.
The top two executives of Marshall Field & Co. announced their resignations one day after Dayton Hudson Corp. said it would consolidate Field's corporate headquarters with its own in Minneapolis.
It unveiled the Mustang, marking perhaps the zenith of the U.S. auto industry.
Besides lending its name and considerable prestige to Archer, CAA helped the company devise a business strategy that turned out to be almost laughably optimistic.
Several traders interpreted the move as a signal that the Soviets are laying plans for a major U.S. order.
Exports of U.S. yogurt are showing the same rapid growth as ice cream, said Young and Verdonk.
American Dance Festival Dance companies from around the country and the globe will perform at this seven-week conclave, which celebrates its 14th summer at the Duke University campus.
The $214 million fourth-quarter provision for loan losses brings the company's total allowance for loan losses to $450 million, or 2.95% of loans and other assets, including a $19 million allowance for losses from foreclosures.
These implications underscore the theory, held by many in the field, that early intervention with antiviral treatments could hold promise in coping with the epidemic.
Allied-Signal said no agreements have been reached with Siemens, but it expects talks to continue into 1988.
American Suzuki Motor Corp., based in Brea, Calif., defended its vehicle.
Atlanta topped the list of candidates for warehouse space, followed by Chicago, Los Angeles, Dallas-Fort Worth and Seattle.
Yet, each deadline named by the terrorists has passed without incident.
In seeking the proxies, Batus said its resolution would give stockholders an opportunity to express their support for the merger, at no less than $63 a share, and would encourage the directors to pursue such a sale.
The bus driver was admitted in fair condition with a broken leg, said Maria Tayek, spokeswoman for St. Vincent Charity Hospital and Health Center.
Fatah guerrillas responded with 120mm mortar fire, police said.
The chemicals group, Italy's second-largest private-sector company, earned 243 billion lire ($186 million) in the half, up from 227 billion lire a year earlier.
After the shooting, police said they found in Pannell's clothing an athletic starter pistol that had been modified to fire live ammunition.
The company's computer business continues losing money and may not become profitable until 1990.
Our pasta is alive on the plate." Italian pasta makers insist the issue was not one of trade barriers.
It is being extensively restructured in an effort to stem losses and is likely to be sold if a buyer can be found. But the acid test of GrandMet's strategy is its food business.
The bloody coup apparently has caused hundreds of deaths, including many children shot indiscriminately.
The plan also calls for doubling the savings and loans' level of capital, which would take away an advantage they have over banks.
Until the crisis, Moscow had been Baghdad's principal arms supplier.
Republican presidential nominee George Bush, who once trailed Michael Dukakis by a wide margin in Minnesota, has narrowed Dukakis' lead in the state, according to a Northstar Poll published Friday.
For 1986, Uccel reported net income of $17 million, or $1.01 a share, on revenue of $141.6 million.
Mr. Lawson also told reporters that Britain has for the past year pegged the pound in line with the eight currencies in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System.
But "it's cold comfort to be No. 1 with the big slide in assets," says John Keefe, an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., New York.
The losses reflect the deepening of the mini-conglomerate's problems since it announced in October that former Chairman David T. Marantette III resigned amid reports that he and OTF affiliates owed the company more than $2 million.
He said the Guild had also fought off management's efforts to have non-Guild members do work normally done by union members at "Good Morning America" and "News One," a television news service for affiliates.
The statement is misleading and inaccurate in at least three respects.
But wealthy people enjoy the views and the cool breezes, so they continue to build houses on the slopes.
The Israeli military said the targets were buildings used by guerrillas for storing weapons and equipment.
Atlantis is scheduled to be launched about Nov. 28 with another crew of five.
In addition to the Manhattan flagship, the chain famous for Thanksgiving Day parades operates a branch at the Garden State Plaza in Paramus, N.J., which the company says outsells all competitors in suburbia.
Also, said his aunt, Jean Byrne, jumping was "a wee bit cheaper." "We were really surprised" by the publicity, she said. "He only went to jump.
Biocraft said it "is still confident in its position on the invalidity of Merck's patent."
However, the Inquirer reported that Dunleavy said that previous year's contracts with Clymer's firm were not awarded through competitive procurement policies required by the federal government.
In Zurich, the bid price was $416.50, down from $417.80 bid late Friday.
Most simply filed claims with the department and settled for what it gave them.
In the second quarter, Eastern reported revenue of $89.6 million.
One year ago Saturday, about 2,000 Tibetans led by Buddhist monks burned a police station in Lhasa, capital of the Himalayan nation, and attacked police in the bloodiest uprising since an abortive bid for independence in 1959.
The market is either saying the Fed's action isn't anti-inflationary or that the Fed sees something bad about inflation ahead that we don't see.
A group of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. creditors asked a federal judge Wednesday to place a commodities trading subsidiary into bankruptcy court because it is not paying more than $500 million in debts.
Berry received 14 shotgun and pellet wounds.
After the British government's announcement, GEC and Siemens paid $4.39 a share in a midmorning raid that increased their joint stake in GEC to the maximum allowed, said Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd., broker to the companies.
Analysts say Texaco's turn to exploration and production has happened by default due to its financial troubles.
After a St. Petersburg Times reporter read an account of Greenway's statements and asked for a copy, Assistant State Attorney Marie King removed it from the packet, the newspaper reported Wednesday.
I will try to go forward and do those things." On Aug. 1, though, she was arrested and charged her with plotting her husband's murder.
The budget deficit for the entire 1990 fiscal year, which ended in September, was $220.39 billion.
NEW YORK _ The Federal Reserve Bank of New York plans to release its triennial study on the volume of foreign exchange trading at 11 a.m.
Mr. Reagan undoubtedly meant his gesture with the pile of papers to be critical, but he did not say what could have been said.
After Campeau launched its bid for Federated at $47 a share in January, Campeau and Macy's pushed the bidding to more than $70 a share.
In 1925, it broadcast a presidential inaugural address _ Calvin Coolidge's _ for the first time.
But it is not beyond imagination to think of ways to use the military leverage the U.S. now has in the region to persuade Mr. Hussein to say yes.
He is a past chairman of the soft-left Tribune Group and a vigorous opponent of apartheid. He has drifted into the party mainstream on a range of issues.
In 1984, he replaced the late Rep. Carl D. Perkins, D-Ky., as chairman of the education and labor committee.
The imposition of order by the ANC is thus likely to be a painful prerequisite for a resumption of inward investment, and a resurgence of the economy.
New York is one of three states _ the others are California and North Dakota _ whose drivers have been found to have been driving too fast, and which risk losing some of their federal road assistance.
Milan Jungmann, a literary expert invited to address the symposium, was picked up by police for questioning, according to an emigre source in Vienna who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Once there is an upturn in the weak US market we expect a rapid improvement in profitability', he says. He is equally adamant that the purchase of Deutsche Versicherungs is justifiable over the long term.
Grey Lands Raytheon Raytheon Co., manufacturer of the Patriot missile, picked Grey Advertising, New York, to handle the estimated $10 million account.
The baby had trouble breathing, Brouilette said.
Your neighbors, friends, comrades in work and study are waiting for you," said a statement distributed by the Tass news agency.
Paul Handley, 48: Finance director of Mansfield Brewery.
Most of the revenue increase, about $17 million, relates to Vintage's new marketing unit, which purchases natural gas on the spot market for resale, the company said.
"The drug people have to know our vessels are at the dock and planes are not flying," said Vice Adm.
They lit out," Mitchell said.
Mrs. Gabel, who died at her Manhattan home, had long been in poor health and had suffered several minor strokes this year, friends said.
This is the key question for U.S. foreign policy in the postcold-war era.
Unemployment rates for teen-agers and minorities still remain at high levels, Prof.
Workfare also provides job knowledge and contacts that can create job opportunities.
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $1 price.
Because two-thirds of the uninsured are employed, this tax amounts to a subsidy for workers whose companies don't provide health coverage.
Job interviews are canceled.
Effective Monday, commission rates on equity trades are being cut by an average of 10%.
Vince McMahon has inquired about off-season availabilities.
"We're becoming more and more aware that we're destroying this precious Earth," Miss Hawn said. "We have the power to influence others.
Kaufmann was quoted by ADN as saying that he and Pohl transferred the money because of the "imminent threat of expropriation" of party funds by the government.
Hours later, Lyng arrived for the night in central Minnesota inspected a cornfield, and said the damage there was the worst he has seen in the eight states he had visited.
A message scrawled on the bathroom mirror in lipstick said, "I took what you loved most." Police suspected Ms. Burns shot her sons and planned to ask her to submit to hypnosis after she passed lie detector and voice stress tests.
Explanation was rather late and that created the reaction.
The McGregor Apparel Group that remains includes Botany 500, Wonderknit, Billy the Kid and Global Licensing, which licenses the McGregor apparel name, he said.
He enlisted backing from the Lapham brothers of New York, who controlled the nation's Leather Trust, and from several other capitalists, most of whom were from the North.
He said that Manufacturers already has reduced its presence in such countries as Belgium, Luxembourg and Greece.
It will be a miracle if we can avoid a trade war."
But Pollini claims to have no real interest in conducting, and no future projects lined up.
So did everyone within a two-block area near the White House.
But now, the recession has battered demand so much that this is beginning to change.
Late last year, after a grueling search that began with 120 names, Lockheed appointed to its board four new outside directors, all of whom received the blessing of the top 11 institutional holders.
Don't miss Paul Nash's painting of a typical scene in the battle _ contrails over the English countryside.
Many of these companies were potential takeover targets, according to the SEC.
Mr. Gad declined to comment; Mr. Venezia couldn't be reached.
A jury took only 14 hours to clear 20 reputed mobsters of racketeering charges in what was believed to be America's longest federal criminal trial, a 21-month marathon that generated 40,000 pages of transcripts.
Second-quarter sales fell 3.6 percent to $3.476 billion from $3.605 billion last year.
One clear sign was the move last week by two West German makers of high-priced cars, Daimler Benz AG and Bayerische Motoren Werke AG, to offer their first sales incentives ever in the U.S.
Establishment of Hungary as a third transit point, in addition to Austria and Romania, is also expected to ease the processing of an increasing flow of Jews being allowed to leave the Soviet Union under the liberalized policies of Mikhail Gorbachev.
The stock edged up 5 to 361p yesterday on turnover of 303,000 shares, having topped 500,000 shares earlier this week. Heavy turnover was again being recorded in GEC as the two-way bid speculation refused to die down.
That's because small businesses tend to be rather flexible, and can react to changes in consumer spending in the economy much more quickly.
"This is as close as we've been to a strike situation," said Mr. Hewitson.
Screaming obscenities, the man reportedly picked up a can of pencils and began throwing them like darts at the seller.
Auto makers would have to rip up their current product programs, which were crafted in the cheap-gas era of the late 1980s. They would also have to build a far higher proportion of small cars than they currently envision.
They deserve all the time it takes to reveal their remarkable village.
It goes for cuteness at every turn.
But today's proceedings were delayed by a defense challenge of the credentials of a rebuttal witness for the prosecution.
In the corporate market, Transamerica Corp. sold $200 million of notes in a two-part offering through an underwriting group led by Morgan Stanley & Co. Transamerica is a San Francisco-based insurance, leasing and financial-services concern.
So Lafeyette slithers along the cinder-block walls into his apartment.
Mellon's difficulties primarily reflect loan problems in its energy, foreign, commercial real estate, and traditional heavy-industry portfolios.
One signer whose views should be especially interesting if that debate occurs is Sen. John Glenn, who in 1977 took the lead in reducing SALT to rubble.
Now declines are occurring in every state.
"We continue to consider options for dealing with the problem," he said.
The 38-year-old doctrine requires broadcasters airing controversial material to give opponents free air time to respond.
For less aggressive investors?
Fully $4.8 billion of those loans were overdue for three years or more.
Technology is the enabler, but public interest is the motivator.
Why should the possessors of the capitalist talents be the ones who deserve reward, and not these others?
GORBACHEV FAILED to carry out widely expected personnel changes.
David Poltrack, CBS' vice president for research, was gone for the day and could not be reached for comment, said spokeswoman Betsy Wagner.
Only 16,200 of the agency's 118,000 delinquent borrowers "stand to benefit" from the law's write-down provisions, he said.
Michael Trant, who was an associate deputy attorney general, pleaded guilty to one count of cocaine possession.
Mr. Bisignani didn't give any indications of 1991 net income figures.
The two popular reasons for the alleged impotence of monetary policy are that banks won't or can't lend and that potential borrowers won't or can't borrow.
Guerrilla sources and Pakistani officials claimed three high-ranking Afghan generals flew a transport plane to the Pakistan border and surrendered to the guerrillas.
Here is a list of commercial bank profits, or losses, by state for the third quarter of 1990 and the third quarter of 1989.
But excited board room speculation that classical music could be the much-needed new musical craze were soon scuppered by sales figures.
More shares of common stock and equivalents were outstanding in last year's fourth quarter than in 1988, Shearson said.
It also proposed giving the state stronger powers to recover from polluters the governmental costs of responding to spills and other environmental emergencies.
Humphrey wouldn't hurt anyone." In suburban Miami, Broward County commissioners have reclassified the potbellied pig as an exotic pet.
Takeover activity might be somewhat subdued because of the new, less-attractive tax treatment for these transactions as well as the insider-trading scandal.
This year, it expects Dollars 140m of its Dollars 700m sales to come from Europe.
Speaking at a meeting of the National Council of Savings Institutions, Mr. Greenspan also suggested that budget surpluses might be useful.
This leads the president to send up candidates whose main qualification is untouchability.
She was named correspondent in Norfolk in 1980, then transferred back to Richmond in 1982 to cover state government.
Like Soane, psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud was a great collector.
Even with a trade agreement, the Soviets would enjoy few immediate benefits because their industries do not now produce much that could compete on world markets.
Berkshire, based here, now trades over the counter; shares were quoted yesterday at $4,442 bid.
Lay religious teachers will be paid by the schools, but not members of the clergy.
In Amsterdam, Brussels and Zurich, it also was the last 1987 trading day.
They included some union and business leaders who regarded him as the best possibility for lifting the city out of a cycle of drugs and murder that has brought unwelcome headlines across the nation.
He "pulled up and pulled right" to avoid collision, Doucette said.
It jumped 33.5 points to close at 2896.4, a rise of 1.2 per cent.
Re-supply ferries carrying food, fuel, mail and hardware are periodically sent, and jettisoned after being unloaded.
Nearly 40 children are killed each year while trying to get on or off school buses, compared to about 10 deaths among children riding the buses, said a report by a committee of the National Research Council.
The stock was selling for about $37 per share before Grand Met made its offer.
The dividend is expected to be maintained. Another round of write-downs on property and the Channel Tunnel contract is thought to have kept BICC's pre-tax profit flat at about Pounds 80m last year.
Presumably, every white face was also rich. Was Sitangkai as rough and unruly as the other towns of the Sulu Sea?
It had risen 0.3 percent in September.
But activity overall was relatively subdued as worries about rising interest rates tended to restrain the advance.
Nevertheless, he said Citytrust, which has $2.6 billion in assets, will report record fourth-quarter and annual earnings.
Borden could then sell its RJR stake and use the cash to pay off some of its debt mountain. The deal, though, has industrial as well as financial logic.
"If we miss this chance, the GATT will probably for all purposes cease to play an effective role in the coming years," he said.
Her first novel, "Dusty Answer," won immediate fame for the young author when it was published in 1927.
Appearing before a House Banking subcommittee yesterday, Mr. Volcker said he was "distressed and disappointed" that Congress hadn't acted.
More problematic for the president than thwarting the Democratic agenda is figuring out one of his own.
Gunmen shot and killed 19 villagers in southern Punjab yesterday, and Sikh rebels, who say the act of casting a ballot would endorse Indian rule, have vowed to kill the first five people who vote today.
In a related administrative case, the CFTC alleged that Mr. Mayne and two independent floor brokers at the Board of Trade, Michael Tolar and James Daubert, failed to prepare accurate trading records as required.
By dawn, Mr. Ahn had spread FMC's exposure more heavily into U.S. dollars and British pounds.
The U.S. Congress is close to passing a bill that would provide $300 million for Nicaragua.
Since the accord, prices for U.S. crude, as well as Middle East and other crudes, have risen more than $3 a barrel.
Foreign money has found ready takers because Wall Street has run hot and cold on the industry, though U.S. investors in recent months have shown renewed faith in biotechnolgy.
Window hours at most post offices have been reduced by a half-day a week, and Sunday sorting operations and box collections were cut earlier this year, following congressionally imposed budget reductions for the agency.
The party is expected to confirm Gen.
The average of 30 blue chip stocks does not necessarily mirror what is happening to the hundreds of other substantial companies.
Visionaries, for example, are more likely to need an outside window. Stabilizers need a lot of closed storage space, so they can tackle only one project at a time.
He added that the joint monitoring program will continue with a U.S. test set for Aug. 17 in Nevada and the Soviet test scheduled for mid-September.
"Distillate stocks should be building right now, but indications from API is they haven't been and heating-oil prices are reflecting that," said Andrew Lebow, oil analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc., New York.
He will continue to support the Republican candidate no matter whether pro-life or pro-choice," Quayle said.
It is the mandate to go after the crooks who did a real number on the nation.
Clearly the songs that I write are nothing like Elvis Costello songs." Indeed, such lines as "if there's a nuclear winter, at least it will snow," show a sense of humor Costello took a while to reveal.
The army is today, and in the future, useless."
Beijing officials informed some foreign journalists Tuesday of the Daxing march and two others in suburban Beijing.
It could be a year or the rest of her life.
Fang and Li have taken refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing since the Chinese government's bloody crackdown in June on the democracy movement.
And doll makers didn't forget the Handlers.
Angels 7 means the plane's altitude is 7,000 feet.
To Northern Ireland's unionists, the Protestant.
"As we went from one transaction to the next, the logic of the next step developed in a very compelling way.
"They've got two eyes and a nose and a mouth just like me. These boys have just gone wrong." _ Elizabeth Burke, 85, a resident of Agawam, Mass., speaking about jail inmates who plow and fertilize garden plots for senior citizens.
Life insurance rates are unregulated in Massachusetts.
President Bush said today that Mikhail S. Gorbachev has done a "remarkable job" in handling the ethnic unrest in Azerbaijan, and that the Soviet president "is really the best hope" for continued peaceful change in the world.
"However, at this point the subsidy reduction will affect only large farms, which account for about 10 percent of total Saudi wheat production," the department's Foreign Agricultural Service reported Wednesday.
Lopatkiewicz said investigators were trying to find out what made the plane drift to the left.
In southeast Wyoming, a high wind watch was in effect.
A ruling Friday by the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago threw into question the legitimacy of stock baskets, which have been traded on the Amex, Philadelphia Stock Exchange and Chicago Board Options Exchange for three months.
Searchers were using a buoy equipped with a beacon to plot currents in the area where the Blackhawk UH-60a helicopter plunged into rough seas Thursday night, said customs spokesman Robert Viator.
So far, European phone companies have been more cautious than U.S. counterparts in planning the new services, and analysts say it may be years before any significant European contracts are signed.
It's not just words." Yeltsin, in the television interview recorded Thursday, said his reformist forces have only a shaky majority and said he might have to turn directly to the people if parliament failed to adopt his radical measures.
"If they (schools) cannot reopen before the end of next month and are not allowed to remain open through the summer months, a whole school year will be lost," the U.N. agency said.
"We had to break that cycle," says Dennis Wilson, a Federal Express manager.
Jay A. Levy, leader of the University of California at San Francisco team that made the discovery, said Thursday that the new isolated strain may be an important new tool in the development of an effective drug against the AIDS virus.
The Independent Commission Against Corruption also said in a statement that additional charges were filed against former exchange chairman Ronald Li Fook-shiu and Jeffrey Sun Hon-kuen, the former chief executive.
By calling price increases "inflation" we pervert the true definition of inflation, and thus liberals are allowed to blame the inflation of the 1970s on such things as the energy crises.
Some historians would argue that Western rejection, particularly by the U.S., in the '20s and '30s had a lot to do with the rise of militancy and eventually the ill-considered Pearl Harbor attack.
He roamed the hotel press-ganging players and journalists to join him for a drink.
The Houston-based airlines also has changed its advertising policy to prevent a similar incident, Continental officials said Tuesday.
A British citizen reportedly was shot in Kuwait near the border with Saudi Arabia, the Foreign Office said Sunday.
In the South, he said, the disease probably will remain uncommon, perhaps because ticks there feed on lizards, which are poor reservoirs for the bugs.
Stepp also said the union was seeking job-protection language similar to UAW contracts at Ford and General Motors Corp.
This split is "not a rare event, if you define rare as something that almost never happens.
Mr. Garcia's decision to limit the external debt service to 10% of exports provoked great public enthusiasm, and a mixture of apprehension and sympathy in local business circles.
We haven't great patience for Werther's romanticism these days.
But he says the results are similar for other types such as general managers and personnel and production people. A further thing that proved much the same was the reasoning-test performance of the under- and over-40s.
He is acting openly as an Iraqi nationalist, and he is indifferent to whether he has any allies.
Complaints about the "tarmac campaign" and states that were ignored are quite visible.
Where Labor opted for legal, low-key opposition to the poll tax, the nationalists promised to organize a non-payment campaign.
The two flocks, perhaps totaling fewer than 50 birds, leave the Ob River Valley in Soviet Siberia in September or October, just as it is starts snowing.
Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu of Japan told President Bush Tokyo was ready to impose economic sanctions if the United Nations votes to do so, the Foreign Ministry said.
The United States is running a $1.4 billion trade surplus with the European Economic Community for the year.
They would say, `it was the feeling, the feeling of the way she sang.'
The weekend edition of Liberation reported that agents of the French counterespionage agency shot the footage in early 1989.
Shelling by Taylor's troops left five members of the West African force dead last week.
Philadelphia hosts a National Business Incubation Association conference March 29-April 1 on incubators, which are facilities where young ventures can share services.
The duchy was part of the kingdom of Sardinia for a time but was incorporated into France in 1860. We sailed from the Grand Port at Aix-les-Bains, where an elegant arch of plane trees on the waterfront esplanade gave shelter from the sun.
Mrs. Thatcher "has redrawn the political landscape," says Gillian Peele, an Oxford University politics fellow.
Critics of the vehicle, most of which have been stationed in Europe, say it doesn't work and is unsafe.
Roper, who advised the Florio campaign last year, said that in the U.S. Senate race, long-shot GOP challenger Christine Todd Whitman has been unable to force Democratic incumbent Bill Bradley to speak out about the Florio taxes.
To defend occupying foreign territory on the ground that it helps protect illegally held territory "is a little too complicated," says Richard Moose former assistant secretary of state for Africa.
Saudi Arabia deported 400 Nigerians, putting them on a flight to Kano in northern Nigeria, a newspaper reported Wednesday.
The bankrupt state oil company will not supply kerosene to the soup kitchens, as its part in the emergency program, unless the government pays for it.
The 17.1% notes were issued at a price of 102, Bell Canada, Canada's largest telephone utility, said.
Deploying 1,200 MX missiles would cost the Soviets at least twice as much, and possibly four times as much, as it would cost the U.S. to deploy the missile defense system described in the Marshall Institute study.
The Licht report is the first estimate of world sugar production for the season, which began Sept. 1.
The scientists, led by David St Claire, wrote in the British journal Lancet that the mutation occurred at a spot where a gene might be located on chromosome 11, one of the 23 matching pairs of chromosomes in every cell.
That contrasted with his view of ordinary Russians who were "real nice," he said.
In trading on London's stock exchange Friday, Equity & Law rose 16 pence, to 430 pence.
At Prudential Insurance Co. of America, which has about $5 billion tied up in junk bonds, "we're still debating the deal," says a money manager.
Bob LaSalle, one of about two dozen hunters who fled the fire, said a hunter in another camp told him the fire started from a spark from a cookstove.
I talked with Mr Parry after the release of the May employment report, which showed unemployment rising sharply to 7.5 per cent (8.7 per cent in California) but before Thursday's unexpectedly poor retail sales figures.
Sen. Bentsen's proposal allows for early withdrawal, without penalty, only for paying for a home and or for education.
For every two ordinary shares bought, investors will receive one free warrant permitting them to convert one savings share into an ordinary share.
A separate statement by the group said the guerrilla squad was retaliating for Israeli air raids Friday on Palestinian bases and positions of the pro-Iranian Shiite Moslem Hezbollah, or Party of God.
The INS began ruling on applications the day they were filed.
"Big changes are under way in Eastern Europe," Gorbachev said in his keynote speech to the 28th Congress of the Soviet Communist Party in the Kremlin.
She grew up in nearby Celoron, a rural hamlet on Chautauqua Lake.
To begin with, Mr. Perry was wrong in stating that no Delaware airport has regularly scheduled passenger flights or that the state has no symphony orchestra.
But I just focused on positive energy and went with the flow.
When a front door and rear-hinged back door are opened, nothing obstructs people getting in and out.
Today, it is 31 feet shorter after losing about a dozen layers and its capstone.
"There's no easy definition of what safe or unsafe is.
The Owego Apalachin Central School District in upstate New York refused to rent out a school auditorium to Birthright of Owego Inc., an anti-abortion pregnancy counseling organization.
Now enterprises and domestic banks are being urged to turn to the budding bond market for funds.
Aside from her acting, Kidder works with the human rights group Amnesty International.
And there is the multi-ethnic Minneapolis of Untamed Heart where romance-bitten Latin waitresses jabber tirelessly about life and love. Multi-ethnicity is a la mode today.
Half the trustees including the chairman of the Maxwell Communications Works Pension Scheme, whose members were transferred to the MGN scheme, are executives of Mirror Group Newspapers, while half are scheme members.
His career depends on it.
"I am resigning so that I can respond to my accusers," Boublil said in his letter.
President Mikhail S. Gorbachev on Wednesday ordered Lithuanians to turn in their weapons, a day after the Baltic republic's government demanded an end to Soviet military maneuvers.
Recent increases in short-term interest rates could hurt homebuyers and homeowners whose monthly payments are based on variable-rate mortgages.
The one-to-one marketing services will be available to advertisers on narrowband, broadband, and multiple devices.
Regular corporations face higher maximum taxes in the first place.
Dos Santos struck a conciliatory note Thursday, praising de Klerk as "an advocate of peace in the region" for allowing Namibia to gain independence and for opening talks with the ANC.
Up to 400,000 people a year will be helped nationwide.
Giliberti said he helped arrange mob backing of a candidate for president of Local 814 and later won Mafia approval to force out that man, Sal Aiello, and replace him as president with Vinnie Bracco.
All we have done is add on rather than taking anything out,' he said.
Rockwood, which is still seeking a judgment in the case, hasn't written down the value of the assets on its books in the expectation it will recover the full amount in court.
"I feel like a stranger trying to get to know my own family," said one executive in the DeLong study.
For the crucial Christmas season, however, the company's strategy of expanding inventories to avoid disappointing customers could cause problems.
Bremer said earlier this month that the State Department will make sure any airline travel warning issued to government employees about terrorist threats will also go to the general public.
Cineplex also said it sold the lease of the Roosevelt Field Century Theatre to Loews Theatre Corp., a subsidiary of TriStar Pictures Inc., for $17 million.
GM's car sales fell 1.2 percent, dropping to a daily rate of 11,714 from 11,852. For the year, GM's car sales are off 11.8 percent this year.
Beneficial won't allow total debt on a borrower's house to exceed 75% of its appraised value.
But to seek to assign a certain universality to Chaplin by accompanying his scenes with chunks of JS Bach is worrying, and less justifiable than the playing of the Bach Passacaglia for Petit's Le Jeune Homme et la mort all those years ago.
The explosion of joy in Wenceslas Square when the hated leaders that suppressed the Prague Spring reforms 20 years ago had to step down.
Building societies are losing share in the mortgage market at a brisk rate.
"You have the State Department trying to smooth relations with friendly nations, you have the Commerce Department trying to promote exports," said the source, who is closely involved with nuclear proliferation issues.
Cook's tax-cutting platform has drawn support from the party's ultra-conservative right wing.
Few taxes can be raised or added without state approval.
Bankers Trust Co., for example, has a joint venture with Sumitomo Bank.
The fundamental argument is for a weaker U.S. economy and softer (interest) rates," he said.
The offer was cleared by Insilco last week.
Levels of antioxidants in the body seem to decline with age.
We know that it is not normal that a country like ours can live in peace and freedom. We know that we have to work every day so that this construction, Confoederatio Helvetica, can go on and become stronger.
Tennessee Bankruptcy Judge George C. Paine II, who joined the bench in 1981 when he was 35 years old, is equally candid: "I didn't reach my maximum efficiency for three or four years," he says.
They want more freedom to use their guns.
Thus began a two-year legal battle that ended only when she gave up and dropped her lawsuit in February.
At the shareholders' meeting, Roman said management considered "everything from white knights to white squires to recapitalization to leveraged buyouts" but found it could not beat WPP's all-cash offer.
Chubb has said that it issued 228 policies in the state for $8.7 million of coverage.
The chief executive post had been held by Warren D. Bagatelle, who left the firm in December to join Loeb Partners Corp.
Corrected by the Investment Co. Institute.
Canadian businesses are to levy the tax on domestic sales. They are to be allowed to claim a credit for any tax they pay on purchases of goods and services.
If Gillette were acquired at $40.50 a share, it would mean a windfall of nearly $200 million for Revlon.
Pinochet's blunt refusal Thursday night has hardened public opposition to his rule.
To die, to sleep; "To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub; "For in that sleep of death what dreams may come, "When we have shuffled off this mortal coil, "Must give us pause.
GM said about 21,000 1985 and 1986 Chevrolet and GMC P-30 trucks and G-30 vans were being recalled to repair a control arm in the front suspension.
"Longer-term, we're still in trouble," Mr. Gallagher said.
"There are all kinds of creditors who could have done it," he said.
Pearlstine credited the Journal's thorough coverage of the scandal for restoring the paper's credibility.
"We realize that President Bush and many members of Congress are supporting the extension of the restraint agreement in the fall of 1989, but they have the time now to rethink and modify the program before it is too late," Laffer said.
U.S. District Judge James Rosenbaum also ordered three years of probation for each man after release from prison, but levied no fines.
To minimize the bailout's impact on the federal deficit, the Senate and the White House want to raise the $50 billion immediately needed to close some 500 insolvent S&Ls and cover the losses of their depositors through private 30-year bonds.
Their scripts wind up in the studio, where ACN's Ed Kelly and New York comedian Nancy Park record most of the voices.
He said Smith assured him the operation would leave his dimples intact.
ABC has not been fond of turning films into TV shows, said Stu Bloomberg, executive vice president for primetime.
Eleven suffered inflammation so severe they had to be given potent topical steroids.
In June, Namphy had reassigned Paul to an administrative position, but Paul refused and was backed by then-President Leslie Manigat.
German troops marched into the country nearly 50 years ago, officially linking this Alpine nation with Adolf Hitler's Third Reich.
They are now a critical mass, exerting power and influence throughout corporate life and tending to hire even more MBAs. Noting the need and the interest, the nation's universities are doing their best to maintain a supply.
The U.S. embassy in Kabul sent a cable to Washington last September advising the Soviets that Najib's 110,000 troops in the army, police and secret police might be strong enough to resist the guerrillas.
The number of properties seized by the Marshals Service has been escalating with the drug war.
Would you willingly stake your livelihood on your performance in tests not only devised by folk largely ignorant about your job, but of dubious legality?
Ms. Carmichael signed a contract along with three prosecution witnesses in the case that would have guaranteed her 20 percent of any profits the victim received from any books or movie about the case, he said.
In those prototypes, instead of headlights, a 3-inch-wide lens runs across the front of the car and projects both high and low beams channeled from a "light engine" under the hood.
Under the agreement, the buyout specialist firm agreed not to increase its stake for at least two years.
Under Marxism, everything but politics was political.
Her husband's assassin, Mark David Chapman, said he had decided to kill John Lennon in 1980 after reading an article about the former Beatle in a magazine, Ono said.
Bush also held meetings with Hungarian government leaders and opposition figures.
Flooding devastated his previous home in Rochester Park, a suburb southeast of Dallas, last summer.
The poet quickly tired of his 'Polly'.
The marchers represented a group of independent unions headed for the main plaza, or Zocalo, as a larger demonstration by pro-government unions was dispersing.
It's unclear how much plaintiffs lawyers will get from the settlement since their fees often have to be approved by judges.
They included the former commander of the 800-strong Gambian army, Col Boubakar Dada, who was preparing to leave Gambia.
He stressed that Tuesday's pact "is a new type of agreement that bolsters a strategy of sustained economic growth with price stability," a clear reference to Salinas' anti-inflation program.
Germann was about to order the firefighters to pull back when the first blast occurred, Mills said.
In San Fernando, 140 miles north of Manila, officials issued flood warnings for residents along the Agno river in Pangasinan province.
The soybean contract for August delivery dropped 45.5 cents a bushel to settle at $5.915.
Both sides expect Gorbachev's meetings with Deng Xiaoping will normalize their governmental and party relations, and help ease the remaining tensions along their 4,300-mile border.
The labor-cost advantage that Western European factory owners held over their U.S. counterparts as recently as two years ago is shrinking, a government report says.
Bono, whose real name is Paul Hewson, and his wife, Ali, said their daughter would be named Jordan.
And nothing has been proven.
Code-named X200, this car is due for launch in 1998.
Bucking the trend among electronics issues was Wheelabrator Technologies, which soared 1 7/8 to 23 7/8.
Flood waters also crossed an airstrip.
"Domestic fights, or armed robberies," he recalled in a recent interview. "Nothing like these." Both Hooks and Roper appeared to have been chosen at random and neither knew their attackers, police say.
Eugene TerreBlanche, leader of the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement, assailed de Klerk's proposals to give the black majority a share of political power.
Mr. Copperman, an urbane former executive of International Business Machines Corp., didn't return telephone calls.
The NASDAQ national market system began trading three initial public offerings and a spinoff.
LONDON Underground's management was yesterday preparing to take a tough line if workers carry out their threat to strike next week over job cuts and a new pay and conditions package. The management is determined to win the dispute at any cost.
Continental Airlines said it will begin daily nonstop service from Houston to Mobile, Ala., Columbus, Ohio, and Baltimore.
"You're better off being uncomfortable for two or three months than ending up with a $3 billion turkey that you eventually have to kill," he said.
Baroccio spent most of his time in the Italian city of Urbino but the two men met in Rome in the 1550s and Michelangelo encouraged the younger artist with his work.
"The industrial and financial details are still under discussion," a Fiat spokesman said.
But he suggested that JCB should be watching out for its own backyard, where Visa is doing quite well.
A few of the signs were drawn from abroad, particularly American sign language, but by far the largest majority have their roots in Thailand and its culture.
A total of 25 unitary authorities will be created, while the three island councils will be unchanged. The Scottish Office has argued that local government needs to be reorganised to make it simpler and more economical.
Most scientists believe the real future of growth hormone isn't as a general youth tonic but as a specific disease treatment that improves the strength and function of atrophied bodies.
"They're better numbers than I thought they would be," said Peter G. Boynton, president of Caesars, a competing boardwalk casino, which posted a 7.4% decline in revenue in April.
Nath, a Hindu, is the 14th journalist slain by Sikh militants since they started their campaign in 1981 for an independent homeland in Punjab.
"Sure it's fast," concedes Michael Gordon of the Fidelity Select Biotechnology Fund of Boston, referring to some biotech companies' speedy return to the equity market.
Dome Petroleum's creditors are pressuring Amoco's Canadian unit to sweeten its $3.87 billion takeover bid.
"My wife tells me every day I need to get this weight off," he said. "I have a weakness for catfish.
Christine Callies, a Dean Witter Reynolds market analyst who takes an interest in smaller stocks, noted that investors have in general been ignoring favorable earnings reports on all companies, while "unpleasant surprises" have been "fiercely pounded."
Metal and precision tool prices climbed 3.4% from a year earlier and 0.3% from May.
And the City likes a financial man.
Messrs. Baker and Shevardnadze were in Denmark to attend an international human-rights meeting.
Phil Toia, a Dreyfus vice president, said the results reflect a "conscious decision" on the part of the company to accomplish a longer-range goal of increasing the size of its funds.
First, companies tend to shed their less skilled workers first and 'hoard' their better-paid, more highly skilled workers.
Crazy Eddie Inc. said its outside directors retained Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. to assist in evaluating two unsolicited buyout bids.
A state judge refused to grant an injunction Wednesday for parishioners hoping to keep open 14 Roman Catholic churches set to be closed in an effort to consolidate waning membership and finances.
Gainers outnumbered losers nearly 2 to 1 in the overall tally of New York Stock Exchange-listed issues, with 757 issues up, 393 down and 504 unchanged.
But in these heady days evaluation of electricity companies has as much to do with the likelihood of them becoming bid targets as with their underlying performance.
Mahler or music buffs might find some fun in Innaurato's inside jokes about the composer.
That includes six nights' lodging, five days of courses, all meals and a variety of extra-curricular activities.
Moorco will offer four million common shares as insiders sell two million; proceeds will be used to redeem preferred shares and reduce debt.
She was a debutante at age 18 and two years later was student body president of the Women's College at Duke University.
Heather was suffocated by someone who placed a hand over her mouth, according to police, who said her body was placed in a freezer before it was left in the trash barrel.
Spokesman David Morris said the problem began with delays caused by a signal failure.
This year's five inductees into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame _ Dion, Otis Redding, the Rolling Stones, the Temptations and Stevie Wonder _ are a gathering of the soulful side of the '60s.
"We have formally rescinded the decision, and the party again exists," said John Martin, a member of the national committee.
Now the IRS's annual report says taxpayers won 5.2% of 1,379 rulings in fiscal 1987.
A large part of the pressure on these commodities is psychological.
That continues with an average 'churn' of 30 per cent a year. More than half these moves require recabling, costing up to 400 per staff member.
"They're just starting," agrees Emanuel Goldman, a PaineWebber Inc. restaurant-industry analyst.
The treaty also provides for destruction of ground-launched cruise missiles and their launchers at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base near Tucson, Ariz., said Ms. Franklin.
He said the company instead shipped it out of the country.
Now, they wait only 48 hours.
In a potentially explosive move the federation decided Tuesday to choose the venue for the final without consulting the players.
The group was outlawed in 1986 and many members were arrested at that time.
Its index of business sentiment for the first three months of this year stood at minus 24, compared with minus 32 in the final quarter of last year.
Military officials gave no reason for the order to laborers from Gaza, the first of its kind in the uprising.
Crammed into tiny seats, unable to move and urged to keep safety belts on at all times, we were served the pitiful snacks that have replaced those unwholesome meals of yesteryear.
Paul B. Guenther, president of an operating division, made $700,000, down 35% from $1.1 million in 1989.
Theyes said he hoped the search of files would wind up Monday night.
The Ground Wave Emergency Network _ known as GWEN _ is an automated system of radio transmitters designed to ensure adequate communication links for military forces in time of war.
The court, by a 7-2 vote, let stand a ruling from California that such tests for drunken driving do not violate the rights of motorists.
Best Western is trying to become Best Eastern as well.
Now, he said, traders and corporations are looking for reasons to buy the U.S. currency and are interpreting almost any economic news with a pro-dollar bias.
Twenty-six percent said they never used condoms.
We didn't think about retirement," Mr. Isenberg says, referring to his generation.
Far from being an uncritical blessing of the market economy, then, the message of "Centesimus Annus" is that the work of "the new capitalism" has hardly begun.
But the appeals from the five Soviet republics about Nagorno-Karabakh seemed designed to serve as a reason for the national government in Moscow to act on the simmering territorial dispute.
Until then, options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market, mostly in New York, and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly by telephone.
Thousands of trade school students are apprenticed to factories expected to close.
He emphatically denies the charge.
Some were burned beyond recognition when three Italian jets collided on a low-level stunt flight and one of them hurtled into the crowd in a ball of flame.
He has been telling officials in each nation that there is a limit to the Pentagon pocketbook and that budget pressures may force 10 percent to 12 percent cutbacks in U.S. military forces based in Japan, South Korea and the Philippines.
He had stitches over his left eye and cheek.
There had been concerns that the Warsaw Pact nations would not be ready to sign the comprehensive East-West agreement, and President Bush has said he will not attend the meeting if the treaty is not ready.
More typical reports in the state-run media have said the April 14 Geneva agreement, which commits the Soviets to a pullout, increases opportunities for a peaceful settlement in Afghanistan's 10-year-old civil war.
He came to China to normalize ties after a 30-year rift.
These are power plants with four valves per cylinder instead of the traditional two.
They got the rod to return to the protective pool and rendered the equipment inoperable, the Canadian news agency said.
The transactions by individuals are culled from those reported to the SEC in the previous week ended Friday, no matter when they actually occurred; the table, however, lists the actual dates of the trades.
North Korea has demanded cancelation of the exercises, now under way.
'If they want to spend Pounds 9 to scream at me that's fine.' But what about the players?
Lebanon has been without a head of state since Sept. 23, when former President Amin Gemayel's six-year term ended without Parliament having chosen a successor.
Some involve 'gene therapy' - giving patients perfect copies of defective genes.
Another gripe concerns the way the turning maneuvers were executed.
In a recent interview, the elder Mr. Wang graded his son "at 75%."
Later in the movie, she catches Umstetter in bed with a younger woman.
Clifton N. "Cliff" Memmott, a former Utah legislator and weekly newspaper publisher, died Dec. 6 in a convalescent home after a long illness.
Reagan left Bethesda Naval Hospital after a four-day stay for prostate surgery and a cancer checkup.
But he says they know and respect Young. The new man certainly faces a challenging task.
Separately, the department reported little change in prospects for world and U.S. grain stocks.
A recession could trip up the Canadian dollar's recovery and a resumption of the dollar's decline against other major currencies would almost certainly drag the Canadian dollar down too.
The Senate recommendations also advise Salinas to take advantage of Mexico's strategic location next to the United States to expand trade with Pacific rim countries and Europe.
A sharp rise in Japan's stock market overnight also gave some support to the U.S. market, analysts said.
As they often did, the Gablers let Alfie out of his cage during Sunday's picnic to allow him a taste of freedom.
With the company's restructuring of the past two years largely completed, he expects 1988 to be "an excellent year" in terms of profit and sales, but he wouldn't make a projection.
He next fills in the colors, a tricky process that involves compensating for the changing light at different times of the day.
More than 500 of the proposed cuts would be made in the National Park Service, the Times said.
Together, the French bank and Apollo acquired most of the junk holdings of Executive Life, the Californian insurer.
Company forecasts for operating profits growth this year have been downgraded from 20 to 10 per cent. Next year's group results should improve.
Its ads for the product make outright claims about cholesterol reduction.
The threat of legal action from opponents of the plant still remains.
They stated that between November 1986 and December 1988 he was knowingly party to the carrying on of the businesses of Blade Securities and Blade Investments, both of Brompton Road, London, with intent to defraud creditors.
He declared Aug. 21: "Our postwar foreign policy will be more open than our policy during the war.
And until recently, perfumers have imported much of their oak moss and lavender from the former Yugoslavia and many of the resinous fragrances from Somalia.
The AEA - or at least that part of it which is to be sold off - consists mostly of brainpower and technology accumulated from half a century of developing Britain's atomic energy programme. The government is right to want to privatise the AEA.
During that time, scientists found that sunlight had interfered with a sensor in an infrared guidance system and a computer automatically terminated the engine burn.
RJR currently pays an average interest rate of about 11.7% on its $16.5 billion of bank and junk-bond debt.
IN 1973, I bought a builders' yard and buildings, but not the entrance road, which is unadopted and serves other properties including one still owned by the owners of the road.
Indeed, in announcing its new rule, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it is considering imposing more safety requirements on light trucks, which now account for almost a third of all vehicle sales in the U.S.
Existing postcodes identify a group of about 15 addresses and are adequate for existing sorting systems, which are based on machine recognition of phosphorescent dots printed on the packaging.
We do see it periodically." Ms. Sullivan said the bed was a new model and that since Ms. Franson's death such beds were ordered modified at state schools for the retarded.
In addition, Mr. White recalls, the machine's operator began boasting about it during lunch breaks.
The local congresses, consulting with the party, appoint delegates to provincial-level congresses who in turn nominate delegates for the national congress.
He added: "The administration finds the current course of monetary policy quite adequate."
In Washington, independent counsel James McKay is investigating whether Meese violated a law that prohibits payment of bribes to foreign officials by U.S. companies and authorizes the attorney general to intervene to block them.
The rebels said the Nicaraguan election was clean and honest, saying it reflected well on Ortega. "As revolutionaries, we are proud of the honesty, the responsibility and the vision of the future our Sandinista brothers have," it said.
"In this album we've got it."
Moore McCormack said it intends to carry out the plan even if Southdown first abandons its $450 million offer, but indicated it might scuttle the plan if it gets an acceptable bid.
"Avoiding fat and cholesterol is becoming more popular among h-conscious adults, but it may be too restrictive for rapidly gneed about two and a half times more calories per day, pound for pound, than adts," he said.
People born under the sign of the ox are said to be marathon workers and empire-builders.
For those of us who are not, it allows us to peer into the perverse minds of dog lovers.
As a basic minimum, it should publish the full agenda before council meetings and disclose how governments voted thereafter.
Searle said since ADBF is one of the body's naturally produced antibiotics, it may be less toxic or allergenic than many traditional synthetic antibiotics.
Not everyone is so pessimistic.
Vietnam is believed to have already withdrawn some troops.
The super-highway, however, looks like being primarily a medium of entertainment: thus, there is a case that the commercial market should dictate who gets it.
So the Soviet Union continues to research, develop and build the world's largest and most modern arsenal of strategic nuclear weapons.
An eighth incumbent is leading by a single vote.
Trading in the soybean pit became hectic in the final hour, which saw the soybean contract for July delivery plunge from a contract high of $9.14 a bushel to $8.56 before rebounding to finish at $8.84.
It sounds to me as if Mr. Vedder is a "sour graper."
Jesse Jackson, who once said George Bush was morally unfit to be president, said today he expects a "qualitative change" on civil rights when Bush takes over from President Reagan.
About 450 hours of test flights will be done before certification.
When it got far enough north, Nicholas was abbreviated to Claus, and St. Nick became Santa.
"I intend to keep it that way," Mr. Jacobs says.
And we don't have to do it just their way.
Suave offered to purchase one million of its 2.8 million common shares outstanding for $9 a share.
The obstacle Chile faces in Washington is not protectionism, but indifference. An FTA with Chile would let Washington signal to the rest of Latin America that it supports democratic regimes with open economies.
The files showed that in October 1976, citing the need to protect intelligence sources, Bush repeatedly sought to prevent some documents from being declassified and CIA witnesses from being called before a federal grand jury.
"We just cannot tolerate corporations being in a position of writing themselves a tax break," Mr. Keefe said.
"We bought enough to last the winter," Mr. Noreng says.
So far, neither side has been willing to make the sacrifices required.
Because the rate increase will result in lower levels of revenue than requested, Mr. Paquette said 1991 earnings would be lower than 1990, without taking into account several one-time charges in 1990, some of them related to the rate case.
This poses a sizable challenge for supermarkets and food companies, and threatens to slow some of the industry's most pervasive marketing trends.
In subsequent years, capital gains will be taxed like ordinary income, eliminating both the preferential rate and the six-month holding period that used to distinguish capital gains from ordinary income.
The fund lost $279 million directly and up to $340 million when future interest losses are included, according to a report by a special prosecutor.
Gayoom, 50, was elected president in 1978 after Nasir resigned and fled to Singapore.
The Iraqi leader proclaimed the gulf war a great Iraqi victory, even though it was pretty much a draw brought about by mutual exhaustion.
"I think in this business, there is a degree of overkill," he said. "Anytime you take an individual out of their home environment and they can't see their family, you're going to have an impact." "We use the family to our benefit.
On the business-development side, the legislation would double the length of time a company could participate in the program to 14 years.
U.S. warships escort American-flagged Kuwaiti tankers through the waterway to protect them from Iranian attacks.
"There will be cannibalization" as Saturn takes sales from other GM divisions, Merlis said.
Gramuglia is the man who parked a retired semi 45 feet above the Thruway's roadside flora as a way of attracting business.
Wisner denied the motion.
Usually the British voter turnout, at under 32 percent, is by far the lowest in the EEC.
The plaintiffs demanded that AIPAC be forced to register as a public action committee and disclose its activities - a move that would have hampered behind-the-scenes lobbying with Congress and the administration.
The Maltese-flagged tanker was hit and set on fire Tuesday as it tried to run the Syrian blockade along Beirut's Christian enclave. Seven crewmen were killed and two were wounded.
"I didn't beat up that woman.
Someone should book Maria Friedman's ticket now.
The unit will use proceeds for general purposes, CNW said.
He joined Guinness in 1985 as a brewing-operations executive.
Sales leaped to 1.5 million cases by 1987, with Proprietor's Reserve Chardonnay leading the pack.
The company has applied for permission to sell its rebuilt Beetles in the U.S., arguing that because they are technically used cars, they shouldn't be subject to new-car emissions and safety standards.
The yield on the Japanese government's benchmark 5% issue due November 1997 rose to 4.765% from 4.625%.
Mr Carlo Ripa di Meana, the European Community's environment commissioner, calls it 'a turning point in our whole environment policy'.
Volume was moderate at 472.9 million shares, down from 517.3 million on Thursday.
James Bellows, the former managing editor of "USA Today on TV," has settled his $1.8 million lawsuit against the company that makes the syndicated series.
The worsening lives of the people escaped notice in many quarters, foreign and domestic.
In the investment-grade corporate debt market, high-grade bonds also posted little change.
"Everything she tried to do or wanted to do, she excelled at it," Ms. Perry said. "She put herself down too much.
The utility plans to finance the station with Dollars 40m of its own capital, credits worth Dollars 48m, and a share placement of Dollars 74m.
"From the start it is going quite well," said Amarbayasgolam, an observer from the Mongolian Democratic Party, the largest opposition party.
"I'm in a position to understand how deep Gannett's commitment is to the News," says Robert H. Giles, editor and publisher of the News.
Manila stocks rebounded slightly as bargain-hunting in commercial and industrial issues perked up trading.
Much of the land on which sugar-beet was to be grown remained wet and cold far longer than normal.
But as a result of a financial crisis in 1975, New York City did default on short-term notes.
Seagram owns 24.3 per cent of Du Pont, the US-based chemicals giant, and most of the charge represents its share of Du Pont's medical benefits provision. Seagram warned shareholders in January of the non-cash charge.
Overall, fares are about 10% higher so far this year compared to last year, and have steadily increased over the past 14 months.
Self-warnings about the state of Mediterranean seafood are suspended as the fishy fragments in stock-rich gravy - here a mussel, there a piece of loup de mer, now some lobster - are fetched up with accompanying nuggets of potato, carrot or courgette.
To work on a horse, Dr. Willoughby climbs up on a couple of bales of hay.
An Amtrak official defended the actions of crew members aboard a train that caught fire over the weekend, saying that despite passenger complaints, several lives may have been saved.
The State Department on Wednesday dismissed as "pure fantasy" an assertion by an Iranian opposition leader that the Reagan administration secretly negotiated with Tehran for the release of American hostages in Lebanon.
Yet the Internal Revenue Service estimates that about 10,000 workers get the credit in their paychecks, a minuscule fraction of the more than 12 million families who get the credit when they file their tax returns.
He also won the Derby in 1929 and 1930, a double that was not emulated until 1973; and won 19 races in succession, a record which was not broken until 1974.
Analysts say the three-month measure is the most reliable guide to spending trends.
Britain disclosed no specific reason for the expulsions.
Multimillionaire brothers Nelson Bunker Hunt and William Herbert Hunt each have filed for personal bankruptcy protection to avoid having to post a $225 million bond required for appealing a federal jury verdict against them.
McCurdy and other original sponsors hope the final version will include a provision in the Senate's bill, a $35 million demonstration program that will test their idea for linking national youth service with financial aid incentives.
The four-day show, sponsored by the National Housewares Manufacturers Association, opened Sunday and is offering 1,900 manufacturers a chance to show off for retailers from more than 60 countries, said spokeswoman Kimberly Rawn.
Fitzwater said Sunday that "The situation is unchanged.
It is spread through the use of infected hypodermic needles and sex.
Debt relief also removes whatever discipline Brazil and the other Latin debtors are now under to make the free-market economic reforms that are essential to attracting capital and restoring robust growth.
A New Zealander is betting that British Columbians will pay to jump off a bridge.
The Louisiana Almanac estimates the number of Cajuns in the state between 200,000 and 300,000. The state's population is about 4 million.
Everyone here realizes if we were over there, we would want our mail.
"As Japan moves into the 21st century, finance will be a major industry," says Junjiro Takahashi, a professor of economics at Keio University.
There is a widespread expectation of further rationalisation among the 15 regional companies.
NA will become HKs majority shareholder with about 98 % since it already holds 0.9 % of the share capital.
This should be a trial run for a wider amalgamation.
It's really a wonderful thing that any member of the House may, at his will, bring question against any other member, and under our rules that has to be looked into.
Takahashi said inflationary pressure in Japan has created a "triple low" phenomenon _ a simultaneous decline in securities, yen and government bond prices.
John Vaughn, 27, and Chief Warrant Officer 2 Gerhard Turner, 28, Rose said.
"McDonald's will open up where people go, where people are," he said Monday in an interview at the chain's headquarters in Oak Brook, a Chicago suburb.
After sorting, the bags also are to be recycled.
The stock market remained on the defensive today, extending the decline that has driven it down to its lowest levels in nearly a year and a half.
The two new publicly traded companies being offered to investors have more potential than investors think, Granada officials say.
Atlantic Richfield Co.'s Arco Alaska Inc. unit said it will fabricate a facility for its Prudhoe Bay oil field at the Portland, Ore., shipyard on Swan Island.
A former HUD official testified before a House panel that then-Vice President Bush's staff intervened to secure funding for a project that had been rejected in 1985.
The pro-Noriega news media calls the exercises a provocation.
IBM hopes the Next software will make it easier to program and use IBM technical workstations.
And, although it initially trumpeted the ruling as a victory, Citicorp is also seeking to have part of the ruling reversed.
Buddhist monks in Mandalay and other Burmese cities began a boycott of the army after soldiers put down a pro-democracy demonstration there on Aug. 8, reportedly killing four people, including two monks.
Those who care about intellectual culture will want to pay attention to this brave band of former anti-Americans.
In addition, or alternatively, it could invest in chargeable assets and thereby reduce the company's interest in land to less than half.
NBC said Thursday it would appeal.
Mr. Guzzetti said that IU officials haven't yet returned his phone call but that Neoax is prepared for any takeover defenses IU might put up.
The callers "took offense at his attributing these sentiments to black culture and wrapping it in the mantle of black tradition," says an NAACP spokesman.
Despite its performance, BankAmerica's stock continues to erode from a high of $36.37 posted in September 1989.
It asks that the court remove the Teamsters leadership, place the union under trusteeship and prohibit the alleged mob figures from any future dealings with the union.
Archbishop Santo Quadri apologized, explaining that the fonts had to be drained to stop drug addicts from using them to rinse their needles.
Last June, Tandy teamed up with one of the nation's largest discounters, Wal-Mart stores, to broaden its distribution.
The Fed, the comptroller of the currency and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. are working together to devise changes in bank regulation to encourage lending.
And twice refused to die. Leadville - past residents included Jesse James, Doc Holliday and Wyatt Earp -is one of Colorado's oldest mining centres.
At least 40 million of those in the Ukraine consider themselves members of the Ukrainian Orthodox Church, Futey said.
In the past three weeks, more than $5.5 billion of new issues flooded the Euromarket, including multimillion-dollar issues from such borrowers as Campbell Soup Co. and Ford Motor Co.'s credit subsidiary and a $1 billion issue from Italy.
Our liberal friends have been at war with America's middle class for years.
A twice-weekly service to Tehran with a stopover in Cyprus will begin again after a three-year break on Dec. 15, it said.
Faint, evocative burblings and tickings as accompaniment from Matteo Fargion. The dance curves and surges through the bodies, pivots at arm or shoulder, drives onward in kicks, draws the cast together or separates them.
Commenting in a telephone interview from Proctor-Silex headquarters in Richmond, Va., Dreyfus said the recalled models were made in 1985 and 1986 and have since been discontinued.
Eastern has shareholders approval to buy back a further 11.8m shares. Yesterday the stock surged 21 to a record 722p.
"He doesn't want to end 20 years on the bench with women all around the country shouting that he deprived them of money."
Julian M. Seidel, the failed thrift's former president, and James R. Porter, a former senior vice president, were charged in the 22-count indictment with fraud and tax evasion.
He says he needs five times that area to meet export demand. Scanstyle's biggest market is the UK, where it sells garden furniture and chairs in tropical hardwoods.
Early next week, Gen.
Recent test-tube studies indicate that these mutant viruses respond to DDI.
The prosecutor said the misappropriation was uncovered through evidence obtained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Labor Department's office of labor racketeering.
"We're talking about a friend, we're talking about an ally," he said.
Losers widely outnumbered gainers 790 to 168, while 151 issues were unchanged.
The symphony, for example, canceled the entire season this year after several near-bankruptcies.
Hamas and Islamic Jihad are the leading Moslem fundamentalist groups in Gaza.
The laughter bubbles out of them.
An aide to Hoss said Decaux would "submit a report of his observations to his superiors, who would work on a plan to stabilize the situation in Lebanon." France governed Lebanon by mandate until 1943.
"This is the best city for selling dope," he says.
Files come in many varieties, but the type used on wood is called a rasp.
The company said income growth and improved profit margins reflected strong unit volume gains, a better product mix, continuing cost controls, productivity increases and the favorable effect of foreign exchange.
You can't be comfortable if you want to look smashing.
I expect to help him win the next general election and I have absolutely resolved in public and in private that I will support the prime minister through thick and thin.' Opinion among rightwingers on the likelihood of a challenge was mixed.
The tax is cited regularly by those entering bankruptcy proceedings.
That resentment partly explains the erosion of the Japanese political consensus. Nor are the economic arguments for legislation negligible.
Horner had said he was impressed by the toughness of the Soviet players, most of whom are good athletes who play basketball, volleyball, or compete in track.
The Environmental Protection Agency on Thursday unveiled, 19 months late, a massive draft revision of regulations that could give states and polluters more say in whether toxic waste sites are put into the "superfund" cleanup program.
A formal House-Senate conference is expected to ratify the accord later this week.
They also said April may still have been influenced by the ending of the Persian Gulf War about a month earlier and that a single month's figures aren't enough to establish a trend.
Nearly four million shares changed hands.
The identical increases in spending and income left the savings rate unchanged in December at 4.2%.
The Rev. Jim Sunderland, the jails' chaplain, said he wrote the letter and passed it around for inmates to sign.
There never has been a court ruling in Japan over the issue of a patient's right to know, said lawyer Katsuji Hotta, who recently was named to a committee to examine the issue for Japan's Medical Association.
Spread out that Euro-beach towel, maybe, and deal those Euro-cards.
S&P said about $1 billion in term debt outstanding is affected.
The NYSE has been trying for years to attract more foreign companies to its market, especially from Germany. Both Daimler and the exchange marked the debut in some style.
President Bush said today that disturbing new figures on the federal deficit show that the "time for game playing is over" and he pledged to increase pressure for a compromise on new taxes and budget cuts.
Soviet businesses also have been told to become self-sufficient because they can no longer rely on the state to bail them out.
Earnings per share emerged at 1p (1.8p). This USM-quoted consultant, which services oil companies, said that computer services continued to perform well.
He said the freed hostages had been treated well by their captors.
These scenes, the FCC said, "were neither isolated nor fleeting." The commission said nudity and sexual themes are not necessarily "indecent," but their context and treatment in "Private Lessons" were.
This custom needs to be outlawed in the interests of objectivity and a 'rescue culture'. I hope that the lessons learned from the current spate of avoidable receiverships will be used by the authorities to amend the regime.
Outboard Marine dropped 3/4 to 14 3/8.
Even the fabricators that fit glass into window sashes or install windows on construction projects often are beholden to makers, some say. Japanese executives dispute that.
Lab tests of the pills revealed they matched those from a prescription vial of nitroglycerin in Ms. Rangel's home, Robleto said.
The 34-year-old musician's current collection includes some old African and Guatemalan instruments that have bulbous gourds for resonators, and a new model he is building that is decorated with turquoise stones and a colored sand painting.
That's because for fully paid stock holdings, the brokers must obtain permission from the individual customers, an arduous task, said an official at one brokerage firm.
Some, though, said Mr. Johnson seemed much more concerned about the possibility of inflation than of recession.
If, for example, you start with the more familiar and reassuring sorts of works presented on the second floor, by the time you get to the rather raucously installed top floor you may be put off by the feeling that you have stumbled into chaos.
Cases among blacks: 31,514, or 27 percent.
"The judge, in effect and incorrectly, usurped the function of the executive branch of the state government," the court said.
But Europe's diversity is also a trump card.
But U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton in St. Louis rejected that argument last week, ruling that the ordinance would have to ban all yard signs to be legally neutral.
Reagan has been frequently criticized as too optimistic.
Carolyn Lipson-Walker, whose doctoral dissertation is titled "Shalom Y'all: The Folklore and Culture of Southern Jews," said Southern Jews have fused their social and religious practices to produce a dual culture.
The reduction, the first since 1987, sent Tokyo stock prices soaring.
A decade ago, Communist leaders harbored the elusive international terrorist "Carlos", who masterminded deadly attacks in Western Europe and is still at large, the new government says.
Trouble is, they've been there before.
Steel plates used by shipbuilders, structural steel for the building industry and steel bars don't have the same profit margins, mainly because of intense competition from other global players.
"It was probably both." "One of the major problems OPEC will face will be the return of Iraq and Kuwait in the market," Jean Ping, Gabon's oil minister, told reporters.
Currently, only 86 companies and three mutual funds, with total market capitalization of about $3.52 billion, are quoted on the exchange.
"One of these days, I'm going to get it right," Mr. Smith joked.
The department attributed much of the decline to losses from Hurricane Hugo.
Attorneys say it helps them beat deadlines as well as traffic in car-clogged California, where papers usually are delivered by messenger or by lawyers themselves.
Tokyo stocks rose for the third straight day.
The utility moved to erase that deficit by taking a $141 million charge for Marble Hill in its November financial statement.
Continental Airlines, a unit of Texas Air Corp., Houston, said it was reviewing the situation last night.
Other children told of rape and sodomy inflicted by masked and hooded adults during ceremonial torture sessions.
We could have a balanced budget by now.
The council also urged adults who have no children in their homes to avoid the temptation to use easy-open containers for their medications. "Accidents have happened when youngsters have visited homes where no children live," it noted.
Even if governments had refused to make further capacity cuts, it should have been possible to extract other concessions.
"We didn't know how much worse the situation could get," said Ashok Thadani, its assistant director of engineering and systems technology. "There was the potential _ not likely, but the potential _ of fuel damage.
Kohl was due to meet with President Reagan today with both military and money matters on the agenda.
He replaces Howard Stringer, who was promoted to president of the CBS Broadcast Group, the financial heart of the network.
Precious metals basically followed the oil markets higher in rather dull trading, said Richard Levine, vice president of the precious metals and foreign exchange group for Elders Futures Inc. in New York.
The Federal Reserve's apparent further tightening of credit won't be enough to stamp out inflation fear in the bond market, analysts and traders say.
Says political commentator Kenzo Uchida: "I wonder if Mr. Reagan and Mr. Takeshita can have a deep conversation."
Discovery returned home today, landing safely on a desert lakebed, after a virtually flawless mission that sent a sun probe hurtling through space and lifted morale at NASA.
In October 1985, Ashland agreed to purchase the Phillipsburg, N.J.-based maker of speciality chemicals.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, said a final vote on the bill would be held at 8 p.m. next Tuesday.
Once raised, it will be taken to another part of the island and studied, Mrs. Shean-Hammond said.
And the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Authority says last year it saved "thousands" of dollars on its first major financing when Mitsubishi Bank Ltd., another triple-A-rated bank, won the bid to back a $90 million variable-rate demand note.
In 1987, Atlantic Richfield Co. sold part of Arco Chemical in a public offering, but the giant energy company still owns more than 80% of the chemical maker's stock.
"It is my feeling that if you have a concept of the tradition from which you come, that can only strengthen your personal statement.
'Some weeks we're Ethiopia, others we're Switzerland.
Chugai expects earnings in 1991 will improve to 4.5 billion yen while unconsolidated pretax profits are seen growing to 10.5 billion yen.
Mongolian protesters staged a sit-in in Ulan Bator in support of hunger strikers who fasted through an eighth day to press demands for an interim parliament to be set up before nationwide elections in July.
The best showing for this year's second quarter was by Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co., whose recommended stocks gained 11.4%, including dividends.
China has set up a new state bureau to oversee efforts to reduce the number of shoddy, substandard goods on the market and help Chinese products meet international quality standards, an official daily said Wednesday.
That was taken as a signal that the economy was neither weak nor dangerously strong.
But his Christian Democrats have insisted that West Germany's abortion law should serve as the model for that of a united Germany.
But Allen said this exception cannot be applied to all rape cases.
With a $220 million negative net worth, we're insolvent."
To promote his plan, Uno quickly threw himself into a series of bilateral meetings with leaders of countries both rich and poor, ranging from the United States and Great Britain to Bangladesh and Mexico.
"I soon saw that the director was the person who got to hang out with the actors, which was fun, and he also got to hang around the camera and look through it and make decisions about it.
And in the Soviet Union itself, the Communist Party is under severe attack and likely to be trounced in local elections that take place this fall.
It was a whole evening of scenes and I did a scene from `Network.'
When Gingrich attacked Democrats as blind to communism, Thomas P. O'Neill Jr., then the speaker, took offense.
In the balloting Labor's Mike Carr polled 75 percent of the vote in Bootle, a town 155 miles northwest of London that encompasses Liverpool's docks.
On Thursday, Parliament is expected to formally name de Maiziere prime minister and install his 24-member Cabinet, and the policy agreement is to be signed.
Prices fell sharply Monday after OPEC decided to suspend talks on a proposed 2 percent cutback in oil production until June.
Indeed, the highly successful F16 fighter was developed that way.
Stewart charged that Fairchild changed his story at a post-conviction hearing.
Strike leaders say 90,000 workers have walked out since the strike began.
Statistics Canada, which surveyed 1991 spending intentions between November and February, said mining expenditures are expected to rise 20% this year, led by higher outlays for petroleum exploration and development.
Mr. Silver had another brief tenure, at Polygram Pictures, run at the time by producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters.
U.S. District Judge C. Clyde Atkins ruled on technical grounds, said Assistant City Attorney Leon Firtel, who added the decision probably did not allow time for an appeal before the weekend.
Some federal defense funds traced to a particular county later are funneled to subcontractors in other counties, making it difficult to determine how much money a specific county keeps.
The companies also would not promise to buy enough of its 4-megabit DRAMs, he said.
He said their hands had been tied, they were at one point bound to trees, and they feared for their lives.
As to what they may be, he says, "I'll have to punt."
In Atlanta, civil rights leader Joseph E. Lowery and the widow of Martin Luther King Jr. said they would lead a group of civil rights activists to New York on Monday to speak out against the threat of war in Iraq.
He said the figures for Kenosha were higher than those in other communities hit by large plant shutdowns because of several different factors in the southeastern Wisconsin economy and in the status of unionized Chrysler workers.
The year opened badly as worries about the approaching quarterly corporate reporting season and the effect of war on the economy sparked a 130-point decline in the first two weeks.
More than 1,500 insurgents on Sept. 23 attacked and occupied positions at Lamingone, Yanshingone and Payagone near the Chinese border about 340 miles northeast of Rangoon.
The FBI said one expert estimated all the volumes and papers could be worth up to $40 million.
Here is a city-by-city wrapup of the effects Sunday of the 3-day-old Eastern Airlines strike at key airports and transit systems.
Most average Americans come in contact most often with nutritional information as it is listed on cereal boxes.
Why would that dilute it, unless you're afraid that he might come up with some offer? A. Well, in the first place, the United Nations resolutions that pertain say that he has to be out of Kuwait.
The National League for Democracy's two main leaders, Aung San Suu Kyi and Tin Oo, have been detained for more than a year.
An ersatz bell tower topped with a stainless steel cross actually will contain the elevator to the 10 open-air parking floors.
The same day, the committee also announced a doubling in the price of many publications, blaming increases in the cost of paper, printing equipment and transportation.
Two litters of red wolf pups were born in the refuge this year, Parker says.
"They just seem to have thrown in the towel," said Paul McDonald, a London-based oil consultant and an expert on the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
James Downey, editor of The New Nation magazine, said Haughey's party, Fianna Fail, had itself to blame for the leftist surge.
Judge Jon Newman of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan granted a stay until oral arguments are made, sometime during the week of April 16.
It may be a bomb," according to a police statement.
The settlement of the SEC case was filed in the same courthouse shortly after Mr. Milken's criminal plea.
Nickie Taylor, the receptionist at City Hall, said the phone rang steadily Thursday. "We've had people say they won't come into our city now," she said.
Participants said that a 1/2 percentage point cut in the discount rate had already been factored into exchange rates.
The three, which in 1985 managed more than 40% of the year's business, last year managed less than 30%.
He will be director of the Center for Contemporary Media.
He also is under fire for the blockade of oil, raw materials and other goods he imposed on Lithuania to force the Baltic republic to back off its March 11 declaration of independence.
Grateful Dead guitarist Bob Weir joined 150 students and environmental activists on a flatbed railroad car to begin a campaign to save the world's rain forests.
Those operations would be combined with Marriott's contract services division, which supplies hotel management and food services to institutions and companies.
You have your share, they have theirs, for letting you bring it in without paying duty.' There was an African logic about that.
The leaders are worried that TWA's financial problems will force the carrier to close its St. Louis hub of operations.
Since then, the company has begun arrangements to rid itself of six of its less profitable stores, including one in North Carolina.
"This morning we have our regular people, more familiar faces than we've seen in the last few weeks," he said.
I think she sort of thinks the ones I choose are beneath me," said Jason. "But I've never had a problem with the guys she dated." Two Marine Corps jet fighters collided today over a training range, and one pilot was killed, a spokesman said.
The program will include joint marketing of resort hotels and hotels at major airports worldwide, Hilton International Chairman John Jarvis said Friday.
McCormick was elected grand marshal by a 2-to-1 margin by the United Irish Societies, a group of about 30 local Irish civic and cultural organizations.
Curry, 57, a retired Army major general, was sworn in as administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
As a result, he says, "My guess is that prices of many OTC stocks have a lot further to go."
Moreover, history suggests that an "integrated" suburb is really an all-white suburb in the process of becoming an all-black suburb.
Judge James E. Noland ruled that the Turkish Cypriots could not intervene in the case because their government was not recognized by the United States.
Mr George Simpson is due to take over as Lucas's chief executive at the end of the month.
But as the timescale involves decades rather than years, such improvements cannot be expected to serve as a substitute for greater wage flexibility.
He is recuperating from surgery, chemotherapy and radiation treatment for lung cancer.
THE U.S. SENT investigators to Thailand to probe Sunday's plane crash.
But this is politics, not economics.
A federal judge ordered the prosecutor to search government files for any additional evidence that should be surrendered to defense lawyers.
In their heyday, after their debut with federal blessing in 1960 as a spur for real-estate investments, they were popular because they had tax-free status if they paid 90% (currently 95%) of their profits to shareholders.
Karoly Grosz, premier and Communist Party chief, will visit Moscow in July, the Soviet news agency Tass reported.
And young people say to me, `Oh, that's easy."' The 150 people in the East Room of the White House laughed.
"That way you get the expertise of a bank and the personal input of a family member," said Tamara Telesko, a vice president in the U.S. private banking group at New York's Chase Manhattan Bank.
Butcher, whose privately-held firm has roots dating to the American Revolution, said the merger will help cut costs and raise efficiency at Butcher & Singer.
"Because the center is in touch with artists in both places, we were aware that this moment offered an extraordinary opportunity," he said.
"Introducing our new products in their oak-paneled rooms means a lot more to us than people imagine," he says.
Machinists involved in the strike against Eastern have set up a tent city on the airport grounds.
Delta, which started the triple-mileage competition, did not impose a deadline for eligibility, spokesman Neil Monroe said.
The $134 billion deficit figure for the year beginning Oct. 1 was about $5 billion above the president's mark, largely because Reagan wanted to sell more government assets.
"I'll never forget this, thank you," the captain shouted into the radio after Larnaca Airport air traffic controllers told him he was cleared to land.
Whatever the outcome of Monday's election, it will be remembered for the remarkable resurgence of Liberal Party leader John Turner and his relentless attack on the free trade agreement with the United States.
Valenti called for the electronics industry to join in the battle against film piracy and illegal copying.
Over the past four years the commission has sponsored the creation of 23 seed capital funds in Europe.
"That was a devastating moment," Charlotte Fedders said in a recent interview, recalling the 5-year-old incident. "He thought it was the right thing for the kids-slash-me.
The Massachusetts governor planned to spend most of today in his office, emerging only to swear in a new member of the state authority which oversees Logan International Airport.
It should have a single, open market, but its member states must be free to experiment with measures to alleviate their employment problems and to decide, within limits, their own macro-economic policies.
The studio's "Batman" was the year's biggest blockbuster.
Kidde makes a broad range of consumer, safety and industrial products, including appliances and fire-protection equipment.
Lodging sales for the quarter rose 14% and operating profit rose 18%, the company said.
Having separate companies indirectly controlled by Montedison made "managing them more cumbersome," Mr. Harmon said.
He said it "isn't inconceivable" that some Arrow employees might also lose jobs.
When Congress politicizes prosecutions to the point where the attorney general is too timid to apply the law to independent counsel, the integrity of the law itself is the first victim.
A 1972 Supreme Court ruling says the prosecution must derive all its evidence in a case from sources wholly independent of testimony a defendant gave under a grant of immunity.
It may not be good news for some consumer goods stocks, but the message it sends about consumer habits is positive for the stock market as a whole. Profits warnings like those at Pepsi, are few and far between.
Under the bill, which has an uncertain fate in the Senate, all individual income would be subject to the 1.45% tax that goes to pay for Medicare.
As a result, the company's profit margin fell to 50%, compared to 57% a year ago.
Brian Ratchford, 26, of Spartenburg, S.C., and a member of the 39th Tactical Air Squadron.
More recently, these officials said, there have been reports of contacts in Lebanon between the JRA and members of the Abu Nidal Palestinian terrorist group, which is headquartered in Libya.
If any charges are filed against the remaining suspects, they would be misdemeanor charges, Laux said.
Every six seconds a half-dozen air guns fire into the water, sending a deep "thud" penetrating up to 20 kilometers into the ocean floor and bouncing back to the ship's electronic ears.
He is now an adult in shock, wiser and sadder but no less hilarious.
The Selector UK fund is designed to complement Morgan Grenfell's existing tracker and income funds.
Start with the assumption that a prolonged drought will force up cattle prices by, say, 20%.
Privately held, House of Fraser does not disclose financial results.
It is that the alternative is horrible.
North Korean soccer players are to visit Seoul later this month.
It will be "President Reagan's meeting.
That backfired when the state supreme court slapped the GOP down.
One of the latest items for GI menus is an all-natural bread with a shelf life of three years.
Some relief officials also voiced fears of a new exodus.
The head of Mexico's powerful Oil Workers Union was arraigned Thursday on homicide and arms charges as forces in the governing party began moving to install leaders more sympathetic to President Carlos Salinas de Gortari.
"The market was oversaturated," says Terry Ashoff Johnson, St. Luke's vice president for marketing.
The U.N. imposed the trade embargo to force Baghdad out of Kuwait, which Iraq invaded Aug. 2 and then annexed.
But orders for automotive equipment dropped a startling 7.0%.
The student loan problems came to the surface when the Department of Education decided to withdraw a federal guarantee on the loans, triggering the prospect that the huge defaults would be borne by banks that backed the loans with letters of credit.
According to a company spokesman, Daisy's cash shortage is severe enough to prevent its customary purchase of Sun Microsystem workstations.
Inco said it also planned to make an unusual rights offering to common holders for about $265 million of debentures with interest rates linked to nickel prices.
Robert Padala, manager of OTC trading at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, said investors don't seem to be worried about any big sell-offs in the technology sector.
The rise in net was partly the result of an increase in investment income for the company's property/casualty and life insurance businesses.
Tom Jr, was impressed by the giant machine with its 18,000 vacuum tubes, but hardly captivated.
Foreign Minister Boiko Dimitrov of Bulgaria and the Turkish foreign minister, Mesut Yilmaz, are to discuss the problem at a meeting Tuesday in Kuwait.
Spare phone jacks are rare; those already in use for the phones are often hidden behind heavy furniture; and some phones are wired directly into the wall without a plug-in phone jack.
But the performances of other market indices shows that, once again, the smaller stocks outpaced the blue chips, as investors sought to maximise their benefit from the recovery in company profits - when it comes.
Revenue increased to $298.7 million from $252.4 million.
State Department officials were unavailable for comment Saturday night.
And for another, it's hard to tell where the cursor is in a 3D display."
A winter storm warning was posted through the night and into Tuesday over the mountains, foothills and piedmont of South Carolina.
On Friday, Saddam urged the people of Egypt and the Persian Gulf states to revolt against their governments and join Iraq in a holy war against the West and its allies in the region.
"On something of this magnitude, we're going to want to take a very thorough look," he added.
By June this year NME had come to a settlement with Texas, without admitting wrongdoing.
The Chicago Merc fined a leading discount futures broker, Jack Carl Associates, and its president a total of $45,000 related to allegedly abusive trading in stock-index futures.
Mr. Alexander, who died in 1964, was an occasional colleague of Mr. Kinley and Red Adair, and I well remember Mr. Adair's visits to our neighborhood in his flashy scarlet Cadillac convertibles.
None of the teen-agers who knew of the slaying faces prosecution.
Treasury bill rates dropped about one-third of a percentage point.
"The county is going under with all the ants," Wolbert said. "People have called in who haven't had ants for 20 years.
Pacific Engineering was one of two plants in the United States that made ammonium perchlorate.
"There is an enormous amount of pent-up demand (to make stock and bond issues)," said Dean Eberling, securities industry analyst for Shearson Lehman.
Some are to the left of the bishops and some are to the right." Viewers may tire of a mullah chanting from the Moslem holy book, but there is no alternative when he's on.
University officials testified that their action was proper under the school's special relationship with the Vatican.
The best are the new ones, written for him by Van Morrison.
They recommend installing protective lighting, closed-circuit televisions, access controls and sealed windows in vulnerable locations.
It is no wonder that Mr. Baker is concerned about nuclear deals between China and Iran.
The plane was flying from Nanaimo, British Columbia, to Kelso on a business trip Friday night for S. Madill Co., said company spokesman Steve Shaw.
"We support the concept but believe it ought to be a part of labor-management agreements," Fitzwater said.
That project, announced in 1985, was put on hold when no buyers materialized.
Mellon Bank Corp. said yesterday that it expects a fourth-quarter loss of about $220 million, and that it would increase loan-loss reserves by about $180 million to cover troubled foreign loans.
One seemed to have died from a lethal injection delivered by the Kevorkian device, which helped an Oregon woman die last year.
"One reason it was set then is because it was so hot in Nevada," says Howard Nelson, director of science and technology information at RPI.
July load factor, or the percentage of seats filled, rose slightly to 69.3% from 68.5%.
Premadasa says he wants the Indian soldiers out of his country, but reality might require they stay.
The television program 24 Hours said Friday night that relatives of James Donnelly, one of the captives, were contacted by the abductors.
Henson published his journal in 1912 and it caused a falling out with Peary, who had wanted only his observations to be published.
The case involved New York City and its efforts to force a waste-hauling company, Refinemet International Inc., to pay for cleanup costs at a city landfill.
There were no signs the volcano would erupt again, according to a geologist of the North Sulawesi mining office.
"What about whether he liked them?" asked Iran-Contra prosecutor Howard Pearl.
Henry Berliner, president of Second National, says quarter-share projects avoid many of the problems of time shares, including difficulties in selling the loan paper and in dealing with many parties in the event of foreclosure.
On the economic calendar for today, August personal income data are expected to show a 0.5% gain, while consumption expenditures are expected to be unchanged, according to a Dow Jones Capital Markets Report consensus of economists.
Mr. McFarlane also has repeatedly minimized the role his former aide, Marine Lt.
Sydney Kentridge, a defense lawyer, said the controversy surrounding the witness, Joseph Manete, could be resolved only if the case were reopened to allow new oral evidence.
The yield on the latest 30-year Treasury issue was quoted late yesterday at 8.93%, unchanged from Wednesday and up slightly from 8.92% Tuesday.
Rolf Noppen, executive vice president and a director, resigned to pursue other opportunities.
Avril said he would not oppose international supervision of elections. "We are not hanging on to power," he said.
An Italian newspaper said Tuesday that the chief of Afghanistan's diplomatic mission in Italy, reported missing since last week, defected to the West with American help.
ABC's other Tuesday show, besides "The Wonder Years," "Who's the Boss?," was 12th.
Parkin's secretary at the time, Sheila Wohlfarth, once told Uebele she was making the checks out to "Smith's Maid Service." Occasionally, Parkin asked Uebele to give him copies of documents.
The Fellowship of Merry Christians sponsors its "Holy Humor Month" in April, with Monday set for a day of happy festivities _ picnics, singing, dancing, telling jokes and fun.
For Handel (though not Mozart) Aix prefers period instruments these days.
The executives know the course.
The top groups have more than 5,000 members, most decked out in glittering rhinestone bikinis or luxurious costumes in a king-for-a-day fantasy.
U.S. Ambassador William Walker on Friday pressured the Salvadoran government to quickly conduct an investigation and launched an inquiry of his own, promising protection to witnesses.
Martinez was indicted in Atlanta in March.
It was Bush's second trip to the wide-screen theater, one of the museum's top attractions.
The surprise 5-0 vote by directors of the Sacramento Municipal Utility District was led by Cliff Wilcox, a longtime supporter of nuclear power and Rancho Seco.
"You're annoying me," the lady responds.
One of his bodyguards, Hisham Saeed, 28, was seriously wounded, the spokesman added.
Security police at Andrews Air Force Base on Saturday were still looking for a stick of dynamite unknowingly driven off into the Maryland countryside during an anti-explosives training exercise.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl, in a major policy speech today, intensified pressure on the United States to agree to superpower talks on short-range nuclear weapons.
Threat of force ends 10-hour strike by Szczecin bus drivers. Students strike in Krakow, Gdansk and Warsaw.
'The players are not happy.
He brushed them aside and told reporters later they are "all fakes."
The average Zairean earns less than $200 a year, according to World Bank figures.
She denied suggestions that she and Mrs. Gorbachev once were uncomfortable with each other: "I think there's been a great misunderstanding about our relationship," she said.
But the tensions surrounding the current pressure on Germany and France over the value of their currencies have exposed other weaknesses that have been inherent in the EMS since it started operating in March 1979.
Then we were given the contemporary Romanian play Vlad the Impaler, a quasi-historical piece about that prince, begetter of Dracula and allegory of Ceausescu; and the Russian Yerofeev's Moscow Train, that ran through wild country to Moscow Station.
In early 1989, Maytag also bought Chicago Pacific Corp. and its Hoover Co. unit, the vacuum-cleaner giant with a bit part in major appliances.
The merger includes a swap of stock valued at about $635 million and Warner's assumption of about $600 million in Lorimar debt.
The man's identity was not released in the absence of formal charges.
Riot police moved through the streets Saturday firing into the air and telling crowds to disperse.
And the head of the Senate foreign aid panel said no new loans will be guaranteed without a provision that they not be used to expand Jewish settlements in occupied lands.
Another Metzenbaum amendment will require federal regulators to review last year's S&L bailouts, possibly renegotiating the deals to reduce the government's costs.
Ortega has kept that promise.
A Tandon Corp. holder sued the maker of computers and disk drives in federal court in Los Angeles.
He said nominations are due by Oct. 1.
"We are trying to make ourselves more competitive in the market _ both markets," he said.
Economists and bankers agree that the recent dizzying rise of property prices in Britain is about to slow down or even stall, but they don't all agree on what that means for the economy.
Sears is just now installing a national network of toll-free telephone-order centers, at a time when growth in catalog sales is slowing.
"Bob's got everything to live for," his brother wrote. "I figure I can do more good for him than myself." Bob Olson said he was shocked by his brother's suicide.
Mexico then swapped those new bonds for government bank debt, which banks offered at a discount at an auction in March.
Last year, for example, a satanic cult was blamed for desecrating an ancient church in the suburb of Pianezza, plundering the tombs of clerics buried there centuries ago and using the bones for some macabre ritual.
Thought for today: "People are, if anything, more touchy about being thought silly than they are about being thought unjust." _ E.B. White, American author and humorist (1899-1985).
Today that number is 23.
Jesse Jackson said today he hopes to get support from Bruce Babbitt if Babbitt drops out of the Democratic presidential race as expected, while Paul Simon set the stage for his withdrawal if he doesn't "win somewhere" next week.
The week's top 10 list was dominated by old reliables, save for the hit movie "Three Men and a Baby" on NBC and ABC's new "America's Funniest People."
The distinctions sometimes boiled down to the instruments that backed her up.
Oina has 11 men per side, with one team batting and the other in the field.
Stuart, 29, was listed in stable condition in intensive care after surgery Saturday at Boston City Hospital; hospital officials would not give a reason for the surgery.
The Selective Service System hunts for registration evaders by combing 100 computerized data banks.
Prosecutors were expected to conclude their case today against Morris, who is accused of crippling an estimated 6,000 computers. If convicted, Morris could receive up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
During an average of 10 years of follow up, the death rate among surgery patients who had sustained minimal heart damage was 24 percent.
Despite the modest gains, traders said the market remains dull, with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines.
Children play jungle gym in a burned-out delivery truck.
The utilities claim that piping produced by Taylor Forge & Pipe Works for the Four Corners Generating Station in San Juan County, N.M., was faulty and had to be replaced.
The electric bassist improvised "The Star Spangled Banner." No tunes or musicians were introduced.
Helms gleefully tweaked his antagonists, the "ultraliberal establishm" promising to press on with his agenda, a combination of traditional anti-big government conservatism and anti-abortion, anti-homosexual and other appeals.
Rep. Rostenkowski intends to pressure President Bush to convene a summit by declining to move forward in earnest to draft a tax-increase bill.
Other choices include rented for cash and occupied without payment of rent.
"You're probably not going to see a California recession, but you will see much slower growth," Zandi said.
Sarajevo radio yesterday denied reports that the Bosnian army started the fighting. Bosnian Croat forces this autumn suffered a string of reverses at the hands of their Moslem adversaries.
However, net cash interest payments in the latest quarter amounted to $40 million after subtracting interest income and paid-in-kind interest.
In Johannesburg, de Klerk predicted substantial changes in South Africa's relations with the rest of the world.
No less important is the quality of US education for the bottom half of the ability range.
But the PAN claims that in some 500 of the 3,858 polling places the vote for the PRI exceeded the voting rolls, and that in nearly 600 the PRI got unanimous or near-unanimous totals.
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Digital shares fell 87.5 cents, to $182.
And so what I want to do is just reiterate what I think I said in the meeting to the Joint Session, and that is that we want those people - all of them - out as soon as possible.
He doesn't really mean it.
Japan's post-war constitution limits its military to defensive capabilities and bans deployment of soldiers overseas.
"Each day of delay costs money," said A. Robert Abboud, a Chicago investor, in a speech to the French-American Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday.
Oleg Averzhanov's decorations are lamentable in their flimsiness and rampant improbability.
State police had planned to send six cruisers of troopers, but scaled back their plans after Shepard's family asked that state police not attend the funeral.
Bids for Columbia Gas bonds, which almost vanished after Wednesday's disclosure, returned to the market but at sharply lower levels.
During the Voinovich and Forbes era, the Cleveland skyline expanded with office towers, a Lake Erie harbor project and the start-ups of two bank skyscrapers, hotels, a shopping mecca and a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The entire board of JOHN FAIRFAX LTD., Australia's biggest publishing concern after Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., was replaced following the takeover of the company by Warwick Fairfax, a 26-year-old member of the concern's founding family.
The buyout also will make RJR the largest single junk bond issuer, analysts said.
Permits can indicate the direction of home-building activity, economists say.
Some environmental groups also have questioned the shutdown decision.
Traders and analysts expressed surprise that the strength in bonds didn't result in a better performance for stocks, as the two markets have generally moved in tandem recently.
Apple Computer, Nasdaq's largest stock, with more than $5 billion in market value, closed up 1 3/8 at 41 1/2.
Most short-term interest rates also hardly budged.
Becor Western inched up 1/8 to 15 1/8.
By last year, the ratio had fallen to less than two to one.
FCC obscured one aspect of the ruling that could have far-reaching implications for the future of free expression.
Bargain hunting later in the session helped the shares rally off the bottom and they eventually closed 3 up at 245p on turnover of 2.7m. Kleinwort Benson cut estimates for the top stocks, including BP, Shell, Enterprise and Lasmo.
But confidence is just what the Community needs after the buffeting of recent months.
Roughly one out of 200 kimberlite pipes contain diamonds, but only one in 20 of those has a high enough proportion of gemstones to justify a mine. The Northwest Territories diamond rush may yet come to naught.
The U.S. Coast Guard will also have unrestricted rights to board the Korean vessels as of the next fishing season.
Strong crosswinds also could be a deterrent, Warren said.
Shares of the other companies dropped, but by a lesser amount.
She was released Wednesday on her own recognizance.
Ms. Bennett is a star of CBS' daytime serial, "The Young and the Restless." CBS had announced the day before that it planned to delay the Sept. 5 start of its fall season because of the strike until at least late October.
In his speech, Kinnear said that the petrochemical industry could profit if it remains lean.
The certificates are being offered under the foreign military sales credit program, a U.S. government program that allows governments to repay military loans.
Jacob J. Worenklein, a member of Milbank's executive committee, said that the decision to abolish the program was part of the firm's efforts to become "a lower cost provider of legal services."
Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery wanted "The Battle Hymn of the Republic" and his own book, "The History of Warfare."
Management ultimately agreed to a raise of $39 monthly based on the average wage in the third quarter of 1987, when wages were somewhat lower, strike sources said.
East, a onetime college professor, ran for the Senate in 1980 under the wing of the National Congressional Club, the political organization of Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C. He defeated Democratic incumbent Robert Morgan.
Several Southern California animal shelters also said they will not give away black cats until Halloween is over, fearing the animals may be killed or used as party novelties.
They have been blamed for more than 2,500 killings since January.
Budget committee members and staffs of both parties have been meeting in efforts to sound out differences and forge preliminary agreements.
GAF, which has held a little-publicized stake of about 4.9% in Cabot for two years, confirmed it asked the Federal Trade Commission for clearance to boost its holdings under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Act on Aug. 1.
The remaining 55% of the holding company will continue to be held by Guy Desmarais, Geoffrion Leclerc's president and chief executive officer.
The new anti-Bork ad also is aimed at states of undecided senators.
It attributed its information to the Air Force Ministry.
The purchase widens Montedison's presence in the domestic petroleum-products market, putting the company in fourth place.
The municipal market's mood has been especially bleak lately because of Salomon Brothers Inc.'s decision to phase out its municipal department and Kidder, Peabody & Co.'s staff cutbacks.
STOCK INDEXES: Futures prices soared on waves of buy orders thoughout the session, traders said.
Perhaps it is only jet-lag.
Bentsen, chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said his bill would increase both the amount of earnings a Social Security retiree can have with no reduction in benefits, as well as reducing the rate of reduction for those who earn over the limit.
It is a system, maintains Mr Banchieri which, 'with minor improvements and adaptations we can be very competitive'.
Charter Developments is also now finding it hard to finance obligations to enterprise zone trusts.
Without significant rainfall, the river will fall below zero on the Vicksburg gauge within two weeks, Goldman said, with zero on the gauge representing 46.2 feet above mean sea level.
It said other stock-value losses included $859 million for the Bronfmans, $510 million for the Dorrances and $320 million for the Lindners.
In the recent quarter, a $20 million charge for the closing of some warehouse facilities made the loss for U.S. stores about $33.1 million, she said.
He liked the cheeky northern editors who could tell the London men where to get off and what was front page news in the real world. So it remained on the Today programme.
Then bring the old ones back to the GATT, too."
Charles Rumbaugh, 28, executed by injection in Texas on Sept. 11 for murdering a jeweler when he was 17 years old.
Southerly winds pushed temperatures into the 70s and 80s in the north-central Plains.
Gramm has said the attempt to grab CFTC authority over stock-index futures is driven by "jealousy" on Wall Street and "regulatory imperialism" at the SEC.
Gene Jay Seagle, director of technical research at Gruntal & Co., says the low volume is a good sign for the market.
Yet while TDF1 opponents call the satellite obsolete, supporters portray it as the key to the future.
The society wants a sharp change of course.
But profit-taking then emerged and by the close the price had been trimmed to Dollars 1,118 a tonne, up Dollars 41.75 on the week.
A century-old bridge collapsed while it was being dismantled, and about 40 people were plunged into a canal in northeastern Pakistan, officials said Wednesday.
Mr. Greenspan has assured Sen. Proxmire that his views will be given "serious consideration," the spokesman said.
The members of the emergency board are Robert O. Harris of Washington, ombudsman for the International Monetary Fund, who will serve as chairman; and labor arbitrators Richard R. Kasher of Bryn Mawr, Pa., and Arthur Stark of New York.
Of that procurement budget, on average between a quarter and a third is spent overseas - more than Dollars 3bn a year. Until the late 1980s, the US market share of the overseas procurement budget was as high as 95 per cent according to western diplomats.
Imo also said it has amended filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission to describe two recently completed financings that will provide funds for the Varo tender offer.
Their operating expenses were $1,026,550,000, a 16 percent increase from 1988.
Mellon had total assets of $34.5 billion as of Dec. 31, with loans and leases totaling $23.5 billion.
But those proposals have been met with skepticism in Washington.
"A lot of people thought what they had to go through was humiliating and didn't want others to have to go through the same thing," Switek said.
The suspects were displayed at Amal headquarters in Zefta, six miles northwest of Nabatiyeh in south Lebanon.
Of those few, he recommends at the moment River Plate and Scottish National, which are yielding 10.2 per cent and 9 per cent respectively.
American Exploration Co. said it completed the acquisition of certain oil and gas producing properties from Transco Exploration Partners Ltd. for about $54 million.
Bond dealers in London admit that hardly any foreign market operators have a detailed understanding of the nature of the constitutional reforms.
Michael Hepher, managing director of British Telecommunications, has bought 13,918 shares at 363.5p.
Takao Endo, a fund manager at Asahi Investment Trust Co., said the sluggish August trading exaggerated the effect of the concerns about interest rates and markets abroad, but agreed that the Bundesbank meeting is making investors apprehensive.
Since August "The Simpsons" has averaged only 15 percent compared to 35 percent for "Cosby." Hilton Hotels Corp. said Thursday a sluggish economy and a drop in casino gambling revenues caused its third-quarter profit to drop 49 percent.
The market has finally begun to register disquiet over political developments: witness yesterday's 3 per cent drop after China objected to plans for a new container terminal.
One Politburo member was dismissed, three officials were retired and the police minister and minister of war were fired.
The government has rejected all the students' demands, including greater freedom of speech and press, more money for education, disclosure of the incomes of top officials and reassessment of Hu's historical role.
The economy is suffering, but who knows if in the long term he isn't right?" For nearly half this century, two charismatic intellectuals with opposing ideologies have dominated politics in the Dominican Republic.
Australia's constitution was adopted in 1901 when the country, a former British colony, became an independent federation.
Mr. Turner last year bought the Omni hotel and office complex downtown, considered by many to be a white elephant.
The first practical videotape recorder was introduced at the National Association of Radio and Television Broadcasters convention in the early '50s, says Video.
It was good to be in a part of the world where Marco Polo's recommendation still meant something, and I set off for Khotan without delay. In the pre-dawn the bus station in Kashgar was a scrum of donkey carts, beggars and passengers dwarfed by baggage.
And the claim could prompt new concerns among Texaco's creditors, said Charles Luce, chairman of the creditors committee in the bankruptcy-law case.
"She said, `I'll pick these children up Thursday,' and then she just walked off," he said.
The source asserted that BankAmerica officials, including Chairman A.W. Clausen, believed they had obtained "at least a moral commitment" for more wider participation after having made several trips to Tokyo since June.
Two of the other "little dragons" _ Taiwan and South Korea _ show promise for furthering what Mushkat calls "the slow and painful process" of democratic change in Asia, which has a long history of authoritarian rule.
Airlines face fines if they bring into a country people who do not have the required visa and travel documents.
On Saturday, there was a frisson of expectation that the First Couple, in the lion's den, might let it all hang out. Enter their inspired coup de video.
However, at least one banker cautioned that delays still are possible as details are worked out.
National is a joint venture of National Intergroup Inc. of Pittsburgh and NKK Corp. of Japan.
And what Carsey and other Hollywood independents want is for the FCC to implement the Financial Interest & Syndication Rules of 1970 _ which prohibit broadcast networks from owning financial interests in their programs _ in the cable industry.
Mr Eisenberg thinks otherwise.
Information technology achieved the second- highest growth with a plus of 20.2 percent.
The charges relate to allegations that Poindexter covered up North's secret resupply network to the Contra rebels in Nicaragua and to allegations that Poindexter lied concerning a November 1985 shipment of Hawk antiaircraft missiles to Iran.
On top of that Taylor Made, a seventeen piece conjunction of 29th Street and Horizon, performed a suite commissioned by the Scottish Art Council.
GSX Land Treatment Inc. had contracted to have the 12,000 tons of sewer sludge disposed of at White Castle, La.
Their food is plentiful, if monotonous.
Corporate Issues IBM's $750 million debenture offering dominated activity in the corporate debt market.
"The uncertainty emanating from the Iraqi Mideast crisis has caused gridlock in the equity marketplace," says Michael Madden, co-head of investment banking at Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
That moral support was very important." Anderson, who plays on the current tour, has produced all of Yoakam's albums and is gaining a reputation as a producer for other recording artists.
The dead, including a U.S. college student, are believed to be the victims of a cult that performed human sacrifices and mutilations to bring magical protection to drug smuggling.
But Mr. Hurt, under Randa Haines's understated direction, gives this character surprising humanity.
Then have them itemize all the expenses involved.
Consumer prices in the European Community rose 2.6% in March from a year earlier and 0.4% from February, the 12-nation group's statistical service said.
We're all pulling together and trying to get over this disaster." School officials immediately began summoning mental health help Monday from across Arkansas and contacted national crisis and grief experts.
For many residents, there was no end in sight to the struggle for survival.
The indoor activity goes far beyond cannabis seeds planted in flower boxes.
Interest rates "probably are going up some more," said J. Dewey Daane, a Federal Reserve governor from 1963 to 1974 and now a professor of banking at Vanderbilt University's Owen Graduate School of Management.
In early February LyphoMed reported a $5.8 million fourth-quarter loss and a 1988 loss of $21.1 million, vs. a $21 million profit in 1987.
They were staying in the rollicking French Quarter, and Alice and Howard Frazier of Woodmont, Conn., who organized the peace cruise, said they expected a full night of indulgence.
There is nothing in General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade rules - rules soon to be assumed by Gatt's successor organisation, the WTO - that precludes consideration of environmental issues during a multilateral negotiation.
Mrs. Aquino, who has repeatedly refused to allow Marcos to return, said she had not received the letter.
"Let us hope that, in the changing political climate of the 1990s, resources are increasingly allocated to more productive purposes, in industrial countries as well as developing countries," Conable said.
The level of quality and service will be even more important.
It had nowhere else to go.
Britain's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented.
One result is the troubling spectacle of personal attacks on a federal judge.
Just when teacher union chief Albert Shanker was starting to sound like a mellowed elder statesman, the old firebrand re-emerged with an attack on school boards and administrators he accuses of impeding reform.
Adds Robert Flaherty, editor of New York's OTC Review, a monthly magazine that tracks over-the-counter stocks, "Generally, the stuff sells on hype up there.
Reagan had sought $4.8 billion.
But his nominee for CIA director, Robert Gates, has endorsed the idea of disclosure.
Instead, the GSA would select two teams, which would split the revenue on a 70-30 basis, and rebid every three years to see who gets the larger share of the business.
Police sometimes outnumber spectators.
Mr. Lipper says his primary contribution to the movie and book was to convince the filmmakers that Wall Street isn't just a giant "casino," and that insider trading is an "aberration."
The commodity has been in a long-term decline since it peaked at $5,467 a metric ton in 1977, the study says.
It gave me a wide canvas on which to paint." After taking a master's degree in poetic drama at Queen's University, Belfast, Parker taught from 1964 at Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., returning home five years later to start his writing career.
Youngsters hover over her pink nightie, little doll and blue comb.
"Indeed, the commission has clearly indicated that it does not intend the policy statement to bind the commission to do anything in any particular proceeding."
Cash payments would be a big increase over the current $180 million in U.S. military and economic aid attached to the bases, but less than half that sought by the Philippines when talks began in April.
The public takes little or no interest in the sexual habits of public figures, whether they are business people, judges or politicians. Demonstrations of personal sexuality are in some ways less controversial in France than the US or the UK.
Mr. Ellis sees "a likely dampening" of Christmas spending, and says department stores, apparel specialty stores and consumer electronics retailers will feel that more.
Nuances are lost in the dramatic chiaroscuro.
Today, the mummified fetus is so popular a tourist attraction that it has its own tiny case.
In Billy Bathgate, scripted by Tom Stoppard from EL Doctorow's novel about mobster Dutch Schultz, director Robert Benton lays on the peeling posters and dingy-floral wallpaper.
Unfortunately, the administration does not seem to recognise that the very same logic applies to the internal purchasing power of the dollar.
The European Commission has said, however, that it intends to issue a directive covering timeshare throughout the EC. The act has been criticised by the Timeshare Council for not going far enough.
The dissidents, saying that Uriarte was imposed on their union by Velazquez' federation, have picketed the plant continuously since the violence.
Her blond hair was cut short and away from her face, permitting a view of the jagged scar which runs from above her left eyebrow down across her cheek.
"We don't want to be the beggars of Europe and of the world," Walesa told the shipyard workers as he endorsed the strike that began Monday.
"There are some political problems that we have that I have discussed very frankly with Mr. Gorbachev, not the least of them the $5 billion a year going down to Cuba," Bush said.
Meador apparently stole more than 10 works from the Quedlinburg treasury.
The machinists believe the deal would leave UAL heavily in debt and could threaten the job security of union members.
The financial services company's 1988 loss was nearly four times the $258 million shortfall for the previous year.
That sparked swift action by the Reagan administration, which continued to recognize Delvalle as the legitimate leader of the country and imposed massive economic sanctions on Panama in an effort to drive Noriega from office.
The placing with institutional investors, valued the group at just over Pounds 19m.
Despite an enormous amount of rhetoric everywhere these days about our trade problem with Japan, only Mr. McGurn's article touches on what I regard as the real essence of the problem: Japanese agriculture.
The Big Board has indicated that it may seek fines against Mr. Joseph and others.
Without the provision, the estate tax would fall to 50% next year.
The stock market suffered a broad setback today, faced with a rise in interest rates and economic uncertainties.
Steven Platt, senior analyst for Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., Chicago, observed that "the strong dollar shook out weak longs in gold and silver."
In American Stock Exchange trading yesterday, Perini Investment shares closed at $15.75, up 87.5 cents.
The first was as secretary of state for the elderly.
The Persian Gulf crisis has given new life to Brazil's program to run its vehicles on pure sugar-cane alcohol instead of gasoline.
"We have to have opposite interests competing in order to find solutions."
It was only a few weeks ago.
This will be, the dissenters said, "to the detriment of the United States' national and international interests."
'The Japanese are very modest people, they appreciate a little more coverage,' explains Cavanaugh.
He acknowledges that Mr. Rifkin, insignificant as he might at first seem to a vast, technology-based economy, has been able to set the agenda for biotechnology.
Dugan's statements were similar to those made privately by some other officials, they went beyond what officials have said even on a not-for-attribution basis.
U.S. automakers were scheduled to make 138,531 cars this week, compared with 138,912 a week ago and 130,416 in the same week in 1989.
The other four-fifths lie below the surface. The criterion is what Hemingway called 'writing truly', for which purpose he said the writer had to have a built in 'shit-detector'.
But oil users aren't the only ones in a bind.
The work won the 1958 Nobel Prize, and is the fourth most popular book among Soviets.
Political analysts attributed Ozal's loss to inflation that rose to 75 percent in 1988, his family's free-spending lifestyle, charges of nepotism and alleged corruption by state officials.
Kaufmann told ADN his own company in Halle, Putnik, and two other German firms had been planning to use the money to start a trading company.
Carson, who is not a member of the guild, said at that time possibilities of reaching an agreement with striking writers had been exhausted.
The news helped to support yesterday's price advance. According to GNI, the fall in Brazilian output will leave consumer stocks at the end of this season 25 per cent below the 1990-91 peak of 19.7m bags.
More generally, every passenger can expect to produce a pound of liquid during a flight, In the unlikely event that a lavatory should fill up, sensors warn the cabin crew, which then shuts the lavatory down.
It argues that the cap at 1986 levels would be sufficient to head off a depletion problem and spur industry to develop adequate substitutes far less threatening to the ozone layer.
As a result, the Asian unit wasn't able to meet production orders, Concord says.
In declaring a moratorium in May on the Gabcikovo-Nagymaros dam project, the Hungarian government expressed concern about potential enviromental damage.
Rafsanjani, leader of the country's so-called pragmatists, is eager to rebuild bridges with the West and is believed to favor abiding by the sanctions.
In Washington, State Department deputy spokesman Richard Boucher said the explosive was thrown as the Americans left a disco.
With exports up only 5% but imports climbing 19%, Korea's trade balance swung into a deficit for the first eight months of this year.
Republican Dan Heath and Democrat Jill Long campaigned at daybreak today, meeting voters in coffee shops in efforts that could prove crucial given an expected turnout of as low as one-third of the district's more than 200,000 voters.
Police and government officials are seeking laws to provide tough punishment for users of firebombs.
A "Today" spokeswoman, Mary Neagoy, attributed part of the "Today" drop to last week's national switch to daylight-saving time.
State police said they found a map and a spiral-bound notebook in which Clopton described killing at least two people, dismembering them and scattering their parts in rural areas of LaRue, Hardin and Nelson counties.
The documentary shows Hilary, then 4, talking to her mother in a therapy session in which the child demonstrates with a doll alleged sex abuse by her father.
But the smaller sum would leave the doctor more after taxes: about $31,000 a year over 20 years, compared with $25,000 a year from the pension plan.
A f40-year-old single woman can find a husband and so can a 52-old single woman.
Israel radio said the army made mass roundups of Palestinians as soon as the territories were closed, arresting 600.
At this hastily called summit Mr. Reagan came within a hairbreadth of winning agreement to a long-held dream of eliminating all nuclear weapons.
The school ran an ad on Aug. 1 addressed to Virgil. "It's awfully hot in my house," it read. "If you'll fix my air conditioning, I'll let you take me to the movies.
The license number was traced to a car owned by Biddings, who was arrested after police searched his apartment.
A role model, to be sure.
Noncompetitive tenders for the five-year notes, available in minimum denominations of $1,000, must be received by noon EST Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches.
The groups' report compiled information from state and federal statistics from 1985 to the present.
Two years ago, author Joseph Wambaugh was intrigued by newspaper accounts about how the murderer of two teen-age girls in England was discovered through a new process of identification called genetic fingerprinting.
At 16, she had become a runaway supporting herself and her drug habit with prostitution.
The qualification relates to the successful completion of a restructuring.
They affect to believe that they are ahead on the technicalities.
But this dispute is just the latest round in a seemingly endless struggle between the two neighbors.
No injuries were reported and the extent of the damage was not immediately known, he said.
The house was responding to the decision by Opec to freeze oil production, rather than increase it as had been feared.
He has lived 400 miles apart from his wife and four children for almost 15 years.
It's more appropriate for hailing a taxi three blocks away in rush-hour traffic, or overcoming the hellish racket at a rock concert.
A Virgin Atlantic airline jumbo jet left London's Gatwick Airport today for Baghdad to rescue sick and elderly Britons, airline officials said.
The case exposed deep racial divisions in Washington, two-thirds of whose residents are black.
Longtime law enforcment officials said they had never seen anything like it.
One reason is the growth of so-called premium imported lagers, sometimes called 'designer' beers, to the annoyance of the trade.
"Consumers just aren't spending, and the month of December is obviously a very crucial month for the company," said Michael M. Via, an analyst at Anderson & Strudwick in Richmond, Va.
The corps, in a statement, refused to say the AH-1T Cobra gunship flown by Capt.
Also, they set up a working group to consider a new trade agreement "on a preliminary basis," Mosbacher said.
By all accounts, his next literary offering will be a form guide to Australian racing - a penchant of Mr Hawke's which rivals Mr Keating's enthusiasm for clocks.
Stress or injury from Hurricane Hugo probably contributed to the death of the sole male red wolf in a wildlife refuge, but four pups of the endangered species appear healthy, the refuge manager said.
Rather, it appears to have thickened with each downward lurch of the Dow.
They lack the homeland unity of Greek-Americans behind Mr. Dukakis.
Experts say tritium gas can be used to enhance the effectiveness of an atomic bomb.
The conservative bishops were particularly concerned that the bishops conference's 50-member board had made the condom recommendation without a full vote of the conference's 380 members.
Revenue in the quarter fell to $2.1 million from $2.6 million.
The army, which rose against Ceausescu on Friday, was joined by amateur revolutionaries suddenly at war after decades of repression.
In February, British Airways gave its fleet of Concorde jets a clean bill of health after safety checks following the discovery of small cracks in the roof structure of one plane.
"We have what you might call a new type of Republican triad today: waste, duplication and fraud," he said.
But the partnership industry hopes the NASD will be satisfied that the Liquidity Fund case gets its point across.
In Tilat Al-Haritiya village near Ramallah, children gathered on the streets Tuesday night singing nationalist songs and draping displaying photographs of PLO chief Yasser Arafat across electricity poles.
Burns, author of the best-selling novel "Gracie: A Love Story," about his late wife Gracie Allen, planned to formally announce the gift to reporters later in the day.
The head priest's predecessor and four other Sikh high priests, who were jailed during the operation, remain in custody.
American Centennial says in its complaint that Mr. Ambriano and its own manager, Mr. Kraeutler, suckered it into the Aegis business by providing a false history of the utilities' past claims.
"We felt (GM's) response was very positive," says Edward Hales, chairman of the Wisconsin Board, referring to that meeting.
Carnation, a unit of Nestle S.A. of Switzerland, said in January that its can division was up for sale.
Bond underwriters, including some of the largest brokerage houses on Wall Street, also were "in a position to discover inadequacies" in the disclosures, the report said.
For his wife, adjusting to life as the head of her household is frightening.
Mr. Waters has basked in Shearson's recent successes, which he attributed to years of aggressively searching out new business.
Are there homeless people in your community?
"In real life, we act according to the cue.
She claimed Lynch controlled her by injecting her with overdoses of a prescription pain-killer she needed for a back ailment.
Early Christians built a cathedral on the Roman foundations, and elements of both remain in in the richly decorated Omayyed mosque, Islam's oldest surviving monumental mosque.
He is here in this book.
Aoun controls the enclave with some 20,000 soldiers still loyal to him.
And for the first four years of the 1980s, the industry had losses of about $1.4 billion.
Of the seven members, two have indicated opposition; a third has expressed some reservations.
But PCR is opening even more windows in diagnostic medicine, where its ability to pinpoint genes much more adeptly and quickly than other methods has aided researchers in identifying the bacteria, viruses and mutant genes that cause disease.
"Barring any bad news, we'd expect our rally to continue for the next few days," said Richard Harris, director of equity risk management for Morgan Grenfell Securities Ltd.
And the department is also pursuing some civil allegations.
It was meant to give his people spiritual strength and guidance.
Given London equities' reaction so far to rising rates, it is hard to imagine them staging a rally. While the equity markets had enough broad-based concerns as it was this past week, five leading stocks added some specific headaches.
Its stubborn refusal to reveal the state of its balance sheet yesterday - hardly the standard of disclosure one might expect from a large institutional investor -suggests an unusual degree of sensitivity.
He called for unity, saying: 'Our campaign will continue right up to the next general election.' In some areas, including Merseyside, Bradford and Lincoln, as many as 90 per cent of civil servants were reported to be on strike.
Has the push to add women to corporate boards of directors eased?
In other commodity markets: ENERGY: Crude oil futures prices settled lower in a day of lackluster activity.
Police were called and as they were questioning Shaw, the family's van drove past the house, he said.
Ms. Renk says retailers nixed a promotion for pins with animal motifs.
BOC is shedding the electrode and other assets to concentrate on its gas and health-care operations.
"It's not clear to me that this approach will provide sufficient deterrence, nor is it apparent that it responds adequately to clients, since it provides no direct remedies to them," says Deborah Rhode, a professor of legal ethics at Stanford Law School.
But Sen. Don Riegle, D-Mich. and the Senate Banking Committee chairman, said $4.61 billion in taxpayer costs could be saved if the Treasury borrowed the money directly rather than through a "side door mechanism" to keep if off the federal budget.
Excluding Smiths and Walkers and onetime items in both years, sales and operating profit would have each risen 12 percent.
Perhaps it was the pressures of Finnish history, or the manic phase the short summer season brings on.
The foreign reseachers had studies confirming and adding to Dr. Summers' results.
The six-month mediation adjourned briefly Wednesday after joint sessions, then resumed later in the week in separate sessions, with Mr. Bickford shuttling back and forth in Miami between the two parties.
With the September 20 Maastricht referendum still a week away, it would have been difficult to fend off speculative attacks against the franc. The speculation against the ERM in September was unprecedented.
If a crunch develops, it will not be the EIB that is crowded out of the market.
A Sumitomo spokesman said the company's talks with Northrop related to "the broader scope of transportation," and not specifically to the Los Angeles project.
Other participants could foresee the impact of the sell orders, placed well in advance of the close, resulting in a last-minute sell-off by the broader market, one domestic broker said.
"I detest drugs," Rodriguez said. "I swear as a Catholic and as a family man, I swear on my children, I have no connections with drugs," Rodriguez told The Associated Press.
Two strong earthquakes struck the southwest Pacific today, causing minor damage to buildings on the North Island of New Zealand and rattling the Vanuatu Islands, officials said.
Forecasters have also downgraded their projections for Lloyds Bank PLC, National Westminster Bank PLC and Midland Bank PLC.
For example, 89 percent of employers rated their older workers as excellent or very good in commitment to quality.
Iran and Iraq blamed each other Monday for the deadlock in peace talks that began after the Aug. 20 cease-fire that halted their 8-year-old war.
Justice Department spokesman Loye Miller declined comment Thursday on Pindling's accusations, contained in a letter the Bahamian government said was delivered to U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh.
The pilot noticed vibrations in the wheel when the jet took off in Denver, and alerted officials at O'Hare, Stack said.
Predictably, however, parents who were shown earlier segments of the show didn't much like it.
If approved, Philips would merge with a unit of Merrill Lynch Capital Partners Inc.
Four years later he was arrested, and he has been imprisoned ever since.
A rival initiative backed by the business community and most legislators would allow corporations time to negotiate.
Colgate-Palmolive argued that California's unitary tax system, which bases a company's tax on world-wide earnings, violates a constitutional provision that gives Congress sole right to regulate foreign commerce.
The 10 best-performing stocks on the Big Board include three companies that have filed for court protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code.
Workers at Guran Concrete & Supply Co. found 450 sticks of dynamite after prying off the lid of a container in a warehouse, said fire Capt.
The Reagan administration said the lower court rulings could "significantly hamper" the government's handling off mass demonstrations in the nation's capital.
Twenty-five years ago, regional sounds like Memphis rhythm-and-blues and Motown found national niches, according to Ms. Ronstadt.
Although a two-year U.S. Customs undercover sting operation was based in Tampa, no local employees were named in the indictments. Hancock said the branch continues normal operations.
The retailer also said Monday it will slash 200 jobs at its corporate headquarters in Rocky Hill.
North, Poindexter and two others were indicted by a federal grand jury Wednesday on charges they conspired to divert Iranian arms sales profits to the Nicaraguan Contra rebels.
And for the second year in a row, Kraft General Foods is targeting black audiences with its Kool-Aid brand "Family Reunion Sweepstakes," which carries a grand prize of $20,000 toward reunion expenses.
An operator gets billing information and then sends the call over a line the AOS leases from one of the long-distance carriers, like AT&T or MCI Communications Corp.
The unit had net income of $14.8 million for the 12 months ended June 30.
Koppel did not return several telephone calls to his Washington office, the Times said.
But the more serious journalists quickly homed in on the real message.
Her organization has been critical of the INS and immigration laws, saying they don't address the social problems that make people desperate enough to try illegal entry into the United States.
He planned a relaxed weekend, but planned to join the congressional delegation traveling to Miami on Sunday for a memorial service honoring Rep. Claude Pepper, D-Fla., who died this week.
Research may provide more clues to the causes of obesity, but one fact doesn't change: To lose weight and keep it off, you must develop healthy eating and exercise habits for good, the experts say.
Mr Len Murray's Trades Union Congress enjoyed direct access to the corridors of power. Now, 13 years after the winter of discontent, few members of today's TUC General Council would be recognised on a Clapham omnibus.
And we're going to win with the help of Sen. Dan Quayle of Indiana _ a young leader who has become a forceful voice in preparing America's workers for the labor force of the future.
We've known that for years.
It's especially well suited for little-by-little investors who don't see much chance of inheriting wealth or staging their own personal corporate takeovers any time soon.
Some plants, like the cabbage family, need to be moved around from year to year to prevent disease.
That leaves plenty of room for the squabbles.
Schedule D: Capital gains and losses.
Another vehicle, driven by Hal Muskat of San Francisco, was detained about noon.
NATO defense ministers Thursday urged U.S. allies to boost defense spending, upgrade military equipment and play a greater role in maintaining a strong Western alliance.
Instead, said Brent Scowcroft, the national security adviser to President Bush, "What it tells Saddam Hussein is that after the 15th - he'd better get moving now - after the 15th of January, he is at risk.
Police used whips and dogs to disperse hundreds of blacks, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu, during mass protests Saturday at two whites-only beaches.
WPP's strategy is similar to that of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC, a British concern that became the world's largest ad agency last year through an aggressive acquisition policy in the U.S.
American manufacturing was bolstered by strong demand for exports in the past two years as the decline in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies made U.S. products more competitive in the international marketplace.
Besides, he says, "there isn't a whole lot going on in the real estate business anyway." Duff & Phelps said it initially expects to be most active in rating commercial paper, which until now has been rated by only one agency in Mexico City.
Where would they spend the night?
His audience roared with delight at this zinger, which had so much flattery in it.
During World War II Penny flew 30 B-17 bombing missions over France, Holland and Germany.
Its share of the independent television network's advertising revenue increased to 15.32 per cent (15.21 per cent), while overall network revenue fell by 1.6 per cent.
The value of all these Argentine imports last year was $143.6 million, according to the Commerce Department.
He got the information within 24 hours.
The plane was far off course over the Soviet island of Sakhalin north of Japan when it was shot down.
This was Mr Bush, writing to Mr Clinton in 1989 to thank him for his help in developing the National Education Goals that subsequently formed the foundation of Mr Bush's America 2000 education initiative.
Francisco Claver, national director of NASSA, said that the organization had not been dissolved, that what the Catholic bishops of the Philippines had done was to place it directly under their control by withdrawing its status as an autonomous foundation.
If all the lucky arrows are sold, at 800 and 2,000 yen ($6 and $16) each, the Shinto shrine will take in over $2 million.
That took a year and another $1 billion.
Raymond Scales, a high school counselor at the game, said it took him only a half-hour to sell 25 T-shirts that read "I survived Miami 1989.
Ms. Zellers also wrote the text for a 36-page ad insert promoting the Caribbean that ran in the same month's New Yorker.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Battle Mountain shares closed at $37.625, up $1.125.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Shamrock said it holds 88,800 Holly Sugar common shares, including 12,100 shares purchased from Feb. 10 through last Wednesday at $105 each.
But Jackson rode strong urban support into a surprising second place and 14 delegates.
A treasury secretary who seems nonchalant about a falling dollar gives markets every right to worry.
The comparable figure for the four big UK banks in 1992 was 2 per cent.
The judge ordered an examination of Nosair by a private doctor after Warren disputed a Bellevue report that his client could return to the jail's general population.
Everyone has suddenly become very concerned about helping parents of young children, parents like me, "cope" with the incident.
"It's unclear in that we are not sure what form the report will take.
Most of Mr. Rey's equity holdings were locked into pledges against bank loans.
Moslem guerrillas reported heavy fighting near the Soviet border in northern Afghanistan and said they shot down three aircraft.
Through the discount facility, the Bundesbank provides domestic banks with liquidity at the lowest rate it has to offer.
But Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati on the same day left open the possibility.
Mr. Strauss-Kahn, and Mr. Fauroux before him, publicly have urged Bull to find a European partner.
Blum was arrested in a dispute with police at Riverfront Stadium immediately after the Cincinnati Reds' 5-4 victory over the Oakland Athletics.
Among them is a patented line of drill bits called "Bullet," which the company hopes will have the same impact as its popular "Piranha" line of circular saw blades.
Their report is due early next month.
He was not wearing a helmet and has actively campaigned against proposals to make helmets for motorcycle riders mandatory.
They expressed relief that the ethics panel has set aside three of the original six charges against the speaker.
Federal officials knew that workers at the Nevada Test Site were exposed to dangerous levels of radiation from nuclear bomb blasts in the 1950s and '60s, according to government records cited by The New York Times.
The two women have been agitating for Ershad's ouster since he took power, but their political differences thwarted any lasting campaign.
"Our friends in Europe consider that an unrealistic objective, but we fail to comprehend why that should be construed as such," Yeutter told a news conference.
During the ceremony, Mayor Eugene Sawyer and Police Superintendent LeRoy Martin awarded Jaglowski the Police Department's Blue Star Award for wounds suffered in the line of duty.
Since the turn of the century there have been 13 coups; with nine governments between 1978 and 1982.
Khieu Samphan approved this Monday, the radio said.
The title of his first novel seems protold him of his gloomy forecast, Price recalls.
"At a time when so many negative things are being said about people in public life, it is important to remind people, especially young people, that public service can be a noble cause," the letter read.
The announcement came after the close of trading on Thursday.
This is because Securitas intends to distribute its 45 per cent stake to shareholders in what is effectively a demerger. Securitas said its net debt would fall to nil from SKr400m giving it a strong financial base from which to expand.
No matter who is right, the similarities in the Taiwan and Maui cases call into doubt an assumption many air travelers make about safety: that the system learns from the investigation of past disasters.
Operating profit fell 45% to #113.5 million from #207.4 million.
But in recent months, more and more have been observed in flight and pictures of the black, delta-winged craft have appeared in magazines and technical journals.
But the final resolution thanked the local Citizens Committees, which helped Solidarity to its overwhelming election victory, and said they should help prepare for free municipal elections, a Solidarity goal.
The competition is expected to continue.
The path toward the president's vision is a staircase.
When Mrs. Kawaguchi told the company that her health would not allow her to keep her job and care for her three children alone, it replied that family circumstances were irrelevant, she said.
Pernod-Ricard has offered 285 million Irish punts, or around $428 million, for Irish Distillers.
The report did not name the hostages or their relatives.
When she was named to head Social Security by President Reagan in 1986, she became the first woman to head the agency.
Richard Secord, who North had enlisted to secretly run arms to the Contra rebels in Nicaragua.
As inflation seemed to moderate, the central bank permitted short-term rates to ease during the second half of 1989.
Mr Jean-Rene Fourtou, Rhone-Poulenc's chairman, is well placed to ensure Rhone-Poulenc, which needs fresh capital, benefits.
One monitored human rights and other social issues; the other was responsible for watching the U.N.'s progress on reform and budget-cutting.
A case can be made that the stereotypes have been overdrawn.
"Sentimentalism" is a frequent retort in what promises to be a deeper and wider debate, but "sentimentalism" is often a contemptuous term for concern.
Company lawyers say that they weren't legally bound to offer the longhouses anything since they have a valid concession from the state.
Currently, about 1,400 people are employed at Scott headquarters, most of them in administrative or research and development jobs.
The Michigan teen-agers are too young to face federal charges but could be charged under state juvenile laws.
Mr. Pampel succeeds Jerome J. Meyer, who will return to Honeywell as president of its industrial automation and control business, a new position.
I said, `Look, we'll put the account over with my son, but basically I'll manage it for you.'"
She said Klorin and Cotelle will continue to be marketed under separate brand names in Europe.
The discovery of the man's body "put a damper on my day," Binienda said Wednesday. "Everything had been going so nicely.
Offshore; good general demand with brighter teas fully firm and often dearer, but plain descriptions attracted limited enquiry.
Mr. Chandler's appointment, if approved, would increase board membership to eight.
But the FDA's letter to P&G says the product is a new drug, regardless of specific claims about the product.
He said the cause was being investigated.
Expanding on an earlier campaign pledge, Bush also said he would seek to persuade the Soviet Union and China to join industrial nations of the West in forging new restrictions on the sale of missiles capable of carrying chemical weapons.
House and Senate negotiators completed work on key sections of a $151 billion highway and transit measure promoted as a way to create new jobs.
"This market is trading sideways," said one trader.
It's just a tradition, he said. "And you should see what some of them wear underneath their robes to express their individuality." "Some lawyers think they look good, others think I am out of my gourd," McGuane said.
"It would please me if we have a bill that the president would sign."
If they couldn't get him, they'd take Pavarotti.
The escalating battle for Federated Department Stores nudged its shares 1/2 higher to 69 3/4.
The site, with its distinctive earthen mounds built for Indian ceremonies, is the largest archaelogical site in the country.
The capital and energy intensive Komag plant consumes about 5 per cent of the island's power and is badly hit by the regular power cuts.
Stock prices retreated but recovered somewhat later in the day.
A Majorca police spokesman, who would not give his name in keeping with Spanish custom, said it was expected the U.S. request for extradition would be made and acted upon within the legal limit of 80 days.
Western military analysts said the setbacks have jolted the Tehran leadership at a time of mounting economic woes and a power struggle between radicals who want a state-run economy and conservatives who support a capitalist-style system.
The value of rural exports is forecast to increase 8% in the current year to A$15.20 billion from the year-earlier A$14.03 billion, which was up 15% from A$12.16 billion in fiscal 1987.
Roy Ayliffe, general manager of the materials division of the Post Office, is to spend a year's secondment with Partnership Sourcing, the joint DTI/CBI initiative set up to promote long-term relationships between purchasers and suppliers.
However, a final agreement on the plan, which would suspend some payments on bank loans in return for equity in some of Trump's properties, still had not been reached.
An operator for the San Francisco AIDS Foundation described the more hopeful environment: "Previously, people might say, `Why be tested?
Toronto is Canada's major financial center.
Dole and his campaign aides are likely to produce polls, charts, graphs, senators, and an academician or two to explain why Bush can't possibly win the presidential race in the fall.
On the first day, troops in riot gear moved through the hilly streets of Ramallah and neighboring El Bireh, forcing shops to close.
Kathie Huff, a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane, Wash., says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt's ketchup.
Democrats said more Republicans may oppose the measure rather than accept the racial provision.
"We do have inventory," said Mr. Gerstein.
It occurred after the April 5 arrest of Juan Ramon Matta, a Honduran suspected of drug trafficking, who was arrested in a pre-dawn raid at his Tegucigalpa home and deported to the United States via the Dominican Republic.
The TTL treats license rights in technology as a sale of the technology itself, so that rights to use the technology without compensation persist even after the license has ended.
William Pye's water-sculpture, 'Plateau', is a fascinating piece.
But mostly it is gone, sold over the winter as prices edged upward and the weak dollar encouraged exports.
The police spokesman, who cannot be named under standing rules, said about 1,000 Amal fighters were attacking in a pincer movement.
The army said the men were soldiers and again did not mention disguises.
Rust said lightning can interfere with the signals sometimes, though most data gets through.
Further, it said, Mr. Asher was a sophisticated investor who should have realized what was happening in the account.
Communications Minister Gad Yacobi of the Labor Party said, also on Israel radio, that Israel should be responsive to the U.S. offer.
Paul Brountas, a law school classmate and close friend of the governor, is expected to head the search effort.
Thank you for showing us that a little bit of humility, transparency and vulnerability in the workplace will go a long way.
Some large banking organizations, including Citicorp, BankAmerica Corp. and NCNB Corp., could benefit immediately if Congress adopts the branching provisions.
"There are many situations where a non-alcohol malt beverage might be preferred, such as during business lunches or while participating in athletic events," said Bob Merz, group brand director for O'Doul's Non-Alcoholic Brew.
Nokia said sales of digital cellular telephones took off in 1993 and were expected to continue to grow rapidly, but it said demand for the older technology analog systems remained strong.
"We agreed that when we watched the speech, we would drink a toast to Gorbachev's health." The disapproval of the Russian government goes deeper than nostalgia and sentimentality.
A value above 50 indicates a majority of the bank examiners believed real estate values were improving rather than declining; a value below 50 indicates the opposite.
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland on Wednesday approved in principle Trump's agreement to buy the shuttle after rival suitor America West Airlines withdrew a $415 million offer.
The deal isn't struck yet.
A defector says China's Communist Party planned to browbeat about 100 exchange students in the United States considered "ringleaders" in criticizing the Beijing government, The Washington Post reported in today's editions.
The firm's investment experts "buy large blocks of stock when they decide to go for something," she said.
He was a member of Parliament from 1957 to 1980 and minister for German exiles in 1965-66.
Castillo said Albany County Court Judge Joseph Harris refused to marry the couple, but delayed sentencing to give the lawyer a chance to find a judge who would perform the ceremony.
However, the United States may only use those assets that are not property of American residents," he wrote in his order.
What we have achieved so far was because of internal actions and lower interest rates.' Mr Bernt Lofs, head of MoDo, agreed that the industry continued to suffer from weak demand, low prices and overcapacity in western Europe.
Initial reports had said the army commander, Maj. Gen.
As the co-owner of eight HQ centers in New York and California, Joseph Kaidanow accounts for about a sixth of the chain's $80 million in projected 1991 revenue.
Let's do our homework now, so we don't flunk later.
We do not want to develop new products.
Studying roadside trash is a good way to see the United States, Syrek said.
Judge Williams also conceded that insider trading, misuse of information and price manipulation indeed disrupted FMC's recapitalization and increased the company's debt expenses.
The last would include index-linked gilts, overseas bonds and liquid deposits. Investors with portfolios constructed on these lines have had a rather dull 1994 so far, with a negative return of about 8 per cent in the first six months.
On Jan. 22, the government banned television and radio news broadcasting that it had not authorized.
The debt currently is rated double-A.
The Bank of Italy on Friday failed to resuscitate the lira despite a 1.75 percentage point increase in interest rates.
GHB is illegal for use in the United States, except in government-sanctioned research, said Dr. Steven Auerbach, a medical epidemiologist at the CDC's Center for Environmental Health and Injury Control.
Shortly before Kemner vs.
They criticized Mongolia's economic relations with the Soviet Union, alleging that Premier Dumaagiyn Sodnom, who just concluded a six-day visit to Japan, is responsible for unfavorable economic agreements with the Soviet Union.
The farmer who found the camera turned it over to Michigan State Police, who developed the film and sent a copy to Chicago police.
Staff reductions continued this year and as of this week there were 66 U.S. government employees in Mogadishu.
He added, "Although budget constraints and the desire for stability in the tax laws will preclude a wholesale rewrite of the new law, it is my hope that some fair and reasonable changes can be made."
The payroll and unemployment data from the US received a somewhat muffled response from the UK stock market yesterday.
Several independent studies published of late have produced conflicting findings.
"The good thing about rheumatology," says Mr. Dequeker, "is that you can make a diagnosis just by looking at the patient.
Organizers said today's stayaway also was meant to express opposition to the government in the nearby black homeland of Bophuthatswana.
Associated and Graphic Scanning are among the largest former partners of the systems.
He managed to leave Austria (with his family) in 1938, worked in Hollywood and New York, and only returned to Vienna in 1955.
The cash holdings of stock funds dropped to 8.6% of assets in July, from 9% in June.
Some of the songs protested her country's white minority regime: The songs were a way she and others could demonstrate their defiance in school and church choruses.
He conceded: "It's kind of strange that I'm here on Dodger Day." Marching bands also participated in the Dodger Day ceremony, featured on five Los Angeles television stations.
The CIA let North Korean agents smuggle high-performance Hughes helicopters out of the United States and withheld the information from law enforcement officials for nearly a year, according to an NBC News report.
Ryan was barred in July 1985 from attending Western Middle School near Kokomo because of fear that he could spread AIDS to other students.
"She's everyone's Auntie Rose," said state Rep. Cindy Resnick, and there's proof in the way children come up without prompting to hug the tall woman with the white beehive hairdo.
The auto and parts makers firmed partly on optimism about a U.S. recovery.
But Shearson expanded more rapidly than any firm during the go-go 1980s, making its current retrenchment more painful and more costly than any other firm's.
WHEN IT comes to bedlinen I take the unfashionable view that it is hard to beat white.
National Steel & Shipbuilding Co., a unit of Morrison-Knudsen Corp., won a $290.1 million Navy contract to build a combat-support ship.
Mortensen said that while he and other doctors will spend months reviewing the case before making a final assessment, early indications are that the IVOX worked well.
Even the most ardent French conservative could scarcely deny that Mr Edouard Balladur's cabinet is, well, somewhat staid.
"A very difficult period has passed without major social upheavals," he said.
A group of shareholders filed suit against Imperial Corp. of America, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., First Executive Corp. and others, charging them with artificially inflating Imperial's stock price to protect certain major investors.
The resistance coalition has been battling the government Vietnam installed in Phnom Penh after it invaded in late 1978 and toppled the Khmer Rouge.
The accident occurred when a quartz window in a bell jar containing tritium shattered.
Regan and Casey, then contacted Mr. Nir, who had provided help to Vice President Bush's task force on terrorism.
That led to legislation separating commercial and investment banking and establishing federal deposit insurance.
The next hurdle is the full House.
What might she have done?"
He's suggested that non-smokers give dirty looks to people smoking where they shouldn't.
He has been chairman of the bicentennial commission since retiring from the Supreme Court in 1986.
Last week, Saatchi's largest shareholder, Southeastern Asset Management, said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring.
"It was a joke that went too far, but it did lighten up the day," he said.
The commission said it will continue to review swaps that do not meet its criteria on a case-by-case basis.
Mr. Nobrega said Brazil could only afford to cover "part of it.
During the ages, Tisha Be-Av had become a symbol of misfortune and persecution that befell the Jewish people.
Patrick Broderick of Montreal drove his 1977 Corvette to the Wildflower Restaurant to dine with a friend Monday night.
The Rochester Institute of Technology assistant professor believes skunk works may keep team members from the type of interaction necessary for success.
"Just seeing the convoys terrified me," said a People's University sophomore.
But he has shown political skill, which some say he honed during his years as a university rector in a country where universities are highly politicized.
Every day," she said.
The traveling CLUE contest began in Chicago Tuesday when the contestant-detectives investigated the "murder" of a Mr. Boddy at Union Station.
But JAL has been flying abroad for decades and is much better known internationally. On overseas routes, "our ability to attract non-Japanese traffic is quite inferior to JAL's," Mr. Yoshikawa says.
Rather than pursue the Rainbow Coalition, the Dukakis campaign seems prepared to target the "Reagan Democrats."
In the end, the same people will be in charge.
Derr said the newspaper will have expanded sports and financial sections.
Those prices stamped to the car window, confusing to begin with, meant even less now because cars weren't selling for those prices.
But the bomb exploded when Moody's then-wife, Hazel, opened the package.
In 1987, under the 10 percent tariff, Mexico imported only $650,000 in U.S. hogs.
No jumbo jets, though.
The suggestion is "bizarre and offensive," Roger R. Smith, Live's acting president, said on Monday.
Philip Lieberman, professor of cognitive and linguistic sciences at Brown University, agreed with some of Deacon's argument.
Dr. Arthur Fleming, chief of trauma and surgery at King-Drew, proposed the facility as an Army training site to boost manpower at the overburdened trauma unit.
Shawmut's capital exceeds minimum regulatory requirements, and its management maintains that the bank has a solid future.
In the elections, to be held sometime before the end of next year, Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew's People's Action Party is overwhelmingly favored to retain control.
"None of us had been aware that the book contained racial discrimination until it was pointed out," said the official, on condition of anonymity.
Excluding the volatile food and energy components, October's so-called core producer price index rose 0.5%.
Like many other designers, Tarlazzi loved the lingerie look.
Then I've got them." Wells is attending New York's Empire Farm Days in Seneca Falls to find buyers and distributors in the United States for his "Shoes for Moos."
The Supreme Court today refused to revive some allegations previously raised in former Massachusetts Gov. Edward J. King's $3.6 million libel lawsuit against the Boston Globe.
"They know they cannot win in a war against America."
The blaze, called the Cotton Fire, began Thursday in the Riverside campground on the north fork of the Tuolumne River.
"Their concerns are really unjustified.
Her injuries required her to be hospitalized for most of two years.
"We're a big fish in a small pond," he said.
On the current court, only Justice Scalia has any solid professional expertise in economic issues.
Like leather, I give just enough, but not too much."
Third, to insist that these standards be fair and reasonable.
Participants also condemned campus traditions such as panty raids.
More than 20 percent of Iowa swine herds are infected with pseudorabies and nearly 47 percent of the nation's infected herds are located in Iowa, said Harkin.
"There are some areas in which we would all like to spend more, but we cannot until we get our fiscal house in order and bring the deficit down," Bush said.
Police Chief John Scagno said Wednesday officers are investigating the discovery of a look-alike bomb on Jay J. Armes' desk Tuesday evening.
That's nearly identical to the $18 billion first-year tax rise in last year's federal package.
"An IRS matching program for businesses is going to be a lot more difficult for the IRS to utilize than information reporting for individuals," says Henry Ruempler, director of tax and accounting issues for the American Bankers Association.
In the Gaza Strip, small disturbances were reported following noon prayers in several areas.
A chunky, loquacious man who lives in a brick home on four acres in this isolated town near the Burro Mountains, Mr. Hatfield loves bargains.
Traditionally these markets have operated very restrictive policies against direct vehicle imports from Japan.
Private initiative and investment should be limited to small corporations or proprietorships. . . .
If the government's approach to monetary control is as wishy-washy as this, how seriously can we take the target for underlying inflation?
Both countries later expelled diplomats.
It urged those in the country to leave as soon as possible.
"The rumors are really all over the map," he said.
Nor did the Germans I asked, but then in the FAZ it is normal to kick off with a complex reference to Bismarck.
Brokers had been seeking lines to the Fed since the 1970s, according to Joe Roderick, vice president at Noonan Astley.
Moody's also downgraded the long-term deposit obligation of AmeriTrust's lead bank, AmeriTrust Co., to double-A-3 from double-A-1.
The stealth version of the cruise missile is supposed to be even more impervious to detection, while also offering greater range.
Japan's official reserves, increasing for the 25th consecutive month and setting a record for the 20th consecutive month, rose $1.93 billion in January from December, to $83.41 billion, the Finance Ministry said.
The direction is by Gerard Murphy.
Kidder, Peabody & Co. is the managing underwriter for the offering.
The Alaska mayors apparently won no new promises of action from the administration.
In the past 200 years the influence of intellectuals has grown steadily.
Then again, Academy voters might finally recognize comedy and reward Robin Williams for "Good Morning, Vietnam."
In Tokyo, where the trading day begins, the dollar fell 0.43 yen to a closing 135.60 yen.
Officials of the Association of European Airlines, however, said such plans will lead to higher costs and debilitate European airlines in their competition with American and Asian carriers.
De Klerk has preached conciliation with the black majority since he was elected in August.
Patrol boats shadowed a Soviet spy ship as it passed through the Korea Straits, South Korea's navy said Saturday.
The suite includes offices for Reagan, Mrs. Reagan, the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation, the Secret Service, and an aide.
And such opinions are protected by the First Amendment.
Dr. Brenda Gurule said it should survive.
The lawsuit was filed by Thomas Rattigan, a former Commodore chief executive officer who sued for breach of contract after he was ousted by the company's chairman in 1987.
The court, without comment, let stand a ruling that upheld the black man's promotion to help achieve better racial balance within the fire department.
This measure has long been urged by Third World governments but opposed by the United States on grounds that it would encourage inflation.
The choice was greeted with cheers.
Police Commissioner Yaacov Terner said: "They burned the police station.
It isn't tied down or anything," Bill Gibson, 58, said as he hauled away a 12-foot-long branch that had fallen from a tree next to his undamaged trailer house in Venice, near the mouth of the Mississippi River.
Two robbers fled with a jar of coins collected for Easter Seals, police said.
He is currently a member of the Consultative Committee to the European Court, member of the Committee of Management of the Institute of Psychiatry and a trustee of Pro Corda, the national association for young string players.
While stopping short of forming a coalition, the groups said they will cooperate as "representatives of public initiatives not tainted by the political legacy of the past," the official CTK news agency said Wednesday.
Last month, Lorimar agreed to sell Bozell to the agency's management for a total of $143.2 million in current and future payments.
Ranks Hovis said it would offer stock valued at 3.07 Australian dollars per share for Goodman Fielder.
Hastings had not sought dismissal of still another charge, that he disclosed information obtained from a federal wiretap and thus torpedoed a federal investigation of Miami-area corruption.
"It's interesting that it should be happening now just as we're finishing the Hazelwood trial," Chalos said. "They waited this long, why couldn't they wait two weeks longer?"
Proctor first started shooting at a woman in a first floor apartment, and police believe the gun misfired, allowing the woman time to run into the bathroom.
Given the fact that some banks already have sold some of Brazil's debt in the secondary market at a discount, Mr. Bresser Pereira is no doubt correct in assuming that the market is ready for some form of compromise.
A Leipzig worker tells how he got caught in the Dresden train station on the bloody night of Oct. 3-4 and saw riot police beating back thousands trying to get aboard trains carrying East Germans to the West.
Experts estimate that emeralds worth at least another Dollars 150m are smuggled out of the country each year.
In the middle of the 1980s there were some 300, according to the International Federation of Robotics (IFR).
The IRS will play a larger role in that activity.
Craig Fuller, co-chairman of Bush's transition team, said on the CNN program that Bush has the advantage, when compared to Reagan, of his long year in Washington including two terms in the House.
First Boston Corp. and Solomon Equities Inc. have agreed to sell a Manhattan office building they own to Kato Chemical Corp. of Japan for about $300 million, real estate industry sources said.
The bonuses were determined last year and were part of running the firm's business, the Times quoted Anreder as saying.
They may well have a hidden agenda; if so, there'll be pitfalls that need investigating. Nor is it enough just to identify the motives and perspectives of the clusters of allied and opposing interests.
The letter served a pro-choice end by helping to defeat a parental-consent bill.
Officials of N W Ayer, Hill Holliday, and Riney all acknowledged they had been contacted by Saturn this week, but declined to elaborate.
"Both bucks and does grunt softly under a variety of circumstances.
"Every year we have the same thing," Condlin said.
More than a 1,000 people rallied outside the Chinese consulate in San Francisco.
After a six-month confrontation, a truce was signed in 1966 which was afterwards called the Luxembourg Compromise, even though there had been no compromise on anything.
Hollinger didn't disclose terms of its latest acquisitions and a spokesman wasn't available.
Consumer products sales rose 11%.
Landers mentioned the book last week in her daily syndicated column.
At the end of the first year the coupon will be re-calculated with reference to five-year D-Mark swap rates. Morgan Stanley said the notes were similar in structure to reverse floating-rate notes, except the coupon was only re-set once during their life.
"I had never been to America before _ just New York and L.A.," said the actor, who spent extensive time in the Midwest while filming "Kansas" and "Fresh Horses." Neither film was a box-office hit for McCarthy, who has appeared in "St.
In the subsequent racial violence, one person was killed, 11 were wounded by gunfire and 13 buildings were burned down.
With that, Deidre draws the gun from her right side, aims at the chest of Kevin Ramsey and fires three times into the chest.
Back home, Mr. Gault ticks off his achievements at Goodyear: elevated morale, the repayment of $1 billion in debt last year and the doubling of Goodyear's stock price since June, when he was lured out of retirement to head the troubled tire maker.
On National Nude Weekend in mid-July, Kearney may lead a bare-bottomed sailboat regatta down the Potomac River to challenge federal, state and local anti-nudity regulations.
The United Arab Emirates declared a 50-square-mile strip near the port of Fujairah, a staging area for convoys preparing to enter the Persian Gulf, off-limits following the discovery.
Hamid El Miloudi, 46, of Chattanooga, Tenn., until recently had been one of the Americans who had sought refuge at the besieged U.S. Embassy in Kuwait.
Dunton, 65, is a general contractor in Annapolis, where the Naval Academy is located.
Warner's Looney Tunes join a growing list of cartoon icons who are selling out.
They kept the butt in their office.
Seville's temperatures in those months will be anything between 36 deg C (97 deg F) and 44C (111F).
Detective Thomas Capello said one of the worst days of his 11 years of police work came when a city resident handed him a fishing-tackle box containing the fake drugs, the ledger and a crudely written IOU.
The amendment, sponsored by Rep. Bill McCollum (R., Fla.), instead would direct the Justice Department to develop a system under which gun dealers can discover if potential purchasers of guns are convicted felons.
Anti-government guerrillas fired rockets at an Afghan city, hitting a hospital and killing dozens of people, Tass reported Thursday.
Lawmakers are expected to consider a variety of proposals to reduce doctors' burgeoning insurance premiums.
Mr. Johnston said the latest cuts were being made fairly evenly across departments, but he wouldn't be more specific.
Previously there had been some question as to whether cuts would be sought to offset the Bush proposals.
THE PENTAGON is seeking $250 million in additional funding for the current fiscal year to begin work on a Star Wars launch vehicle.
Connecticut, in an attempt to lure more young people into the work force, raises its minimum wage 25%, effective October 1988, and considers lowering the minimum working age to 15.
Ecomar's current production averages 10,000 pounds a week.
The stench from both is gut-wrenching.
You do run a risk of developing certain psychological maladies unique to free-lancers.
Now, Kurzban said, the INS must accept affidavits unless it can prove they are false.
Analysts warned investors against projecting industry earnings on the basis of these reports, however.
The group gathered recently to discuss the cranes at the Bombay Natural History Society office in Bharatpur.
"What is missing is an overall framework for balancing needs for new generating capacity with environmental concerns and the questions about who will pay," said Yergin.
Soriano said Charles MacDougald, an official of the U.S. company, had reported they expect to recover gold bullion believed hidden in the fort within 10 to 15 days.
Lufthansa also has disclosed that it has held talks with AMR Corp., parent of American Airlines, about a possible stake in American's Sabre computer reservations system.
The graphics are as crisp as those of the best Super NES games, but the game lacks Nintendo's most advanced effects: There are fewer moving objects on the screen, the backgrounds are flatter and the sound is not nearly as complex or varied.
On the subject of trade, Bush signaled his intention anew to help the battered Soviet economy.
Also, a New York State court judge is expected to rule Monday on a lawsuit filed by a civic group opposing the project.
Most of its production is partially refined and smuggled into Colombia, where the drug is refined into pure cocaine for export to U.S. and European markets.
Thousands of people demonstrated in the capital Sunday, demanding President Hussain Muhammad Ershad resign and hold free national elections.
The shares fell 39 to 453p, a slide of around 8 per cent, with 7.8m traded. Despite increased profits, reduced gearing and an increased dividend, underlying profits were flat once gains from currency shifts and acquisitions had been stripped out.
In Leningrad, 5,000 people gathered at the Winter Palace for a protest rally that included appeals to strike in support of Lithuania if Gorbachev pursues a blockade, according to Leningrad journalist Maxim Korzhov.
"I don't think you could single out any one thing and say this is the decisive factor.
Traders said the three-year Treasury note sale is usually the smoothest of the three that are held each quarter, as yesterday's was expected to be.
A Goldman Sachs official declined further comment.
"Because he's a bum," shouted someone in the crowd.
But Brazilian soccer has been in turmoil recently, largely because of the ill will of glamorous, big-city teams upset at a schedule that forces them to play teams from smaller areas that don't draw big crowds.
"I've just had to double my figures for Christmas because we're bringing some more troops in," he said.
Arizona Public Service "is moving in the right direction by lowering its rate request," said Gary Yaquinto, director of the commission's utilities division.
Elizabeth Broun, chief curator and acting director of the museum, has written an exemplary catalog for the show, which runs until July 29, and then will reopen at the Brooklyn Museum Sept. 14.
His house, concealed by thick bushes, is on a hill overlooking Worpswede center.
In the fiscal third quarter, the company bought a plant in Salt Lake City to build circuit boards for computers and other electronic gear.
West German officials, cautious not to upset their exporters with a more costly mark, have rejected an European Monetary System realignment.
A complaint filed with the East Berlin government by Vietnamese workers says rents have tripled in housing supplied by Becon and two other factories.
The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSME) is the collective-bargaining agent for Pennsylvania's state employees, union and non-union members alike.
A study of office workers near the Walnut Creek station of the Bay Area Rapid Transit system in northern California found that only a handful used mass transit.
Turkish parliament votes on the 1993 budget bill. SATURDAY:Referendum on Niger's new multi-party constitution. MONDAY:Bank holiday.
In behavior laboratories, researchers have measured people's blood pressures while asking them to solve word puzzles.
Walt Disney closed at 63 1/4, up 1, after Kidder Peabody and Drexel Burnham Lambert analysts both raised earnings estimates for the company.
Sunday's crash of the ultra-modern Air France jet could inflict "psychological" damage on the highly touted A320 and prompt cancelled orders and lost sales.
The trade panel's final rulings mean that anti-dumping and countervailing duties won't be assessed against imports that totaled about $64 million last year from Italy and about $9 million from Spain.
"He's been allowed to be defined as a moderate," said Martin, because of the contrast with Jackson's views on issues.
Clients ranged from corporate giants such as The Washington Post Co. and personalities such as Frank Sinatra and William F. Buckley Jr. to some of the most notorious figures of the day.
"It seems to me the return of the climate that preceded, 50 years ago, the approval of the racial laws by the fascist regime," Toaff declared.
Yemen is among a handful of countries supporting Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's Aug. 2 invasion of Kuwait.
Though Dr. Rosenberg says he is undeterred, even his biggest supporters are disappointed.
"I know what's in that book weeks before all the numbers are typed in." Such headquarters triumphs are small stuff, though, in the overall sweep of RJR.
It went down about 15 miles southeast of Abu Musa island, where the Iranians have a military base.
Israel says it will accept only the same arrangement in the regional talks.
With the debut of new fall programs scheduled next week, CBS said it agreed to subscribe to the new service after Nielsen agreed to several "performance guarantees" in a new contract with the network.
We know we'll never meet again some sunny day, but we like to hear her promise, in pure Doris Day overlaid with a fine English intonation, that we will. Her position is clear.
Much of that surplus was with the U.S.
Analysts said negative publicity over the strike _ which already has cost Eastern some future customers _ and proposed restructuring plans may hinder Eastern's chances of climbing out from $2.5 billion in debts and a decade of nearly steady losses.
There have been widespread reports the trip would take place in mid-September.
Among the options the company hinted at was the sale of the consumer electronics operations, which generated about $1.1 billion in revenue last year.
Observers said Tuesday that even with the low-price strategy, it will take a while for the retailer to change its image.
Its population is 84 percent Hutu and 15 percent Tutsi.
Negotiations are continuing for certain minor portions of Tenneco's oil and gas segment, but the company said it expects total gross proceeds from the sales to exceed the $7.3 billion mark, according to a statement released today.
When stock prices rise high enough investors figure the return from expensive stocks is too chancy compared with bonds.
Controlling information enhances Mr. Byrd's power, but it also hides an insecurity about his own knowledge of the programs before him.
And some industry officials argue that allowing traders to log their own trades manually invites manipulation.
When the sides met in New York on Friday and Saturday, Oct. 16 and 17, the paper loss had hit $2.6 billion.
James Oberg said Soyuz TM-5, with an Afghan crewman aboard, was rushed into space a year ahead of schedule to assure that it flew before Soviet troops completed withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Its main role is to produce enriched uranium and plutonium for nuclear weapons.
The Stanza went up to $10,949 from $10,799, or 1.4%.
Banc One said the step will increase its reserves to $215 million.
He fell to the pool deck.
One of the key questions in the Stinissen case was whether such a euthanasia decision can be made on behalf of a comatose patient, since Dutch euthanasia policy and practice is predicated on the patient's request.
Shire has written scores for more than 40 movies, including "The Conversation," "All the President's Men" and "Farewell, My Lovely."
But that is difficult when the biggest shareholders cannot afford to inject fresh funds.
They also were to sign forms authorizing U.S. investigators to search the records of several foreign banks where they are said to have assets.
It will take more than a big miscalculation of the UK balance of payments figures to trip up the slick-willies at the new-look Central Statistical Office.
We do not investigate tattletales or tales, though they do come our way.
None of that, of course, was foreseen when American Airlines introduced the first frequent-flier program in 1981.
She was Tim Conway's girlfriend in "Ace Crawford, Private Eye" in 1983. She was a model and Suzanne Pleshette's best friend in "Suzanne Pleshette Is Maggie Briggs" in 1984.
The balloons had reflective "terror eyes" stuck on, but the balloons blew away in wind storms and the approach was abandoned.
The divestiture also would enable Hospital Corp. to lop two layers of operating management, according to Victor L. Campbell, vice president, investor relations.
Do the Rantisis expect to return to Lod?
Ethiopia's interim rulers presented a formal plan for a provisional government that would govern prior to multiparty elections.
Sources familiar with USAir and its agreement with Winston-Salem, N.C.-based Piedmont said that while USAir is eager to eliminate TWA as a major shareholder, it could be difficult for the company to buy back TWA's USAir shares.
"The numbers are bad but not terribly bad," said Mr. Scotto, especially when compared to Public Service Co. of New Hampshire.
The financing will eventually be paid back from privatisation revenues.
Joetze believed there was "much more dialogue" among the nations than he had expected.
From their original base in Persia, Ismailis began to wander across North Africa, and, among their accomplishments, they founded Cairo.
In the so-called "tanker war" _ an offshoot of the 8-year-old Iran-Iraq war _ Iran attacks neutral shipping in the gulf in retaliation for Iraqi raids on its oil tankers.
Berkeley started rumbling in March when the campus newspaper, the Daily Californian, reported that Citibank was denying credit cards to older students and to certain humanities majors.
It also seeks adherents in the Algerian army.
Taylor has pleaded innocent in that case.
A sheriff's spokesman said samples of the blood were being tested.
The Semiramis was widely regarded as Cairo's safest hotel - it is where US secretaries of state usually stay. In the meantime, the editors of the Egyptian Gazette can only rue yesterday morning's banner headline.
"Deng knows his time is short, so he is laying down his political legacy," says a Chinese government official.
Insurance on that same item in Brooklyn, New York, would cost $4.50 per $100, but in nearby Manhattan it costs around $1.30, according to the New York-based trade group Insurance Information Institute.
It can result in addiction, poor health, family disruption, emotional disturbances and death.
The declaration said developing countries should be helped in finding and financing alternatives to CFCs, which are used in refrigeration, cleaning, aerosol cans and other industrial products.
Under Connecticut's emergency shutdown plan, 7,000 nonessential state employees, or about 14% of the work force, were furloughed yesterday.
The department's forecast of 1990 bargaining activity said the upcoming negotiations would involve 884,000 of the 2.5 million workers under major contract agreements in state and local governments.
An "international relief operation of major proportions" is needed to avert a repeat of the 1984-85 drought and famine when an estimated 1 million people died, said FAO Director-General Edouard Saouma, in a statement issued in Nairobi.
Dozens of strikes, some crippling, have been staged during the past year because of severe economic problems led by a record inflation rate of 1,722 percent for 1988.
The number of working U.S. oil and gas rigs declined by 15 this week as it continued on its normal first quarter pace to total 908, Baker Hughes Inc. reported Monday.
Yet what do these incompetent, bumbling officers do?
Most important, one analyst observed, the report was non-inflationary because both imports and exports fell.
It is not much of a choice.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials was down 0.68 point to 2,589.86 at noon EST.
You had premised your opposition to statehood the last time on the inordinate share of federal funds that went into the local budget, and I think that's a thing that has been clarified since then.
Few state mandatory-testing proposals have become law because most public health officials don't believe broad testing is cost-effective.
The latest offer from the traffickers in Colombia's five-month-old drug war came from Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, the reputed chief of the Cali cartel.
'There is little profit in that sector,' it says, 'and competition between Ford and Vauxhall is cut-throat.'
But it is this segment that has captured younger consumers, who have grown up on soft drinks and sweeter-oriented taste buds, the Find-SVP study concludes.
All are Republican members of the House who made tax opposition the centerpiece of their challenges to Democratic senators.
"I hope by going to the South he will see what's happened in a region where there was discrimination, segregation," Lewis said. "He will be in a region of the country that was a lot like South Africa just a few years ago.
Delano and Goldman have named hundreds of products as diverse as Honda Motor Co.'s Fourtrax off-road vehicle and Bristol-Myers Co.'s Bran Tabs laxative.
Technologies stem from 50 years of making wristwatches (which are marketed in the U.S. by a different Seiko unit).
All things considered, we'd probably just as well have Mr. Markey and his colleagues spending their days pouncing on Barbie, the Smurfs and He-Man rather than trying to wreck the U.S. securities market.
With almost any manufacturer the possibilities are tremendous and I guess that's why I'm very positive on the opportunity that exists for manufacturing in the U.S. and the Western world."
Metal scaffolding around a third plane, an A-300 airbus, was blown into the aircraft's skin.
Greenspan is hardly a disinterested observer of the Olympics, or athletic excellence.
The French news agency Agence France-Press quoted Taylor's rebels as saying their forces were pushed back nearly four miles and that the guerrilla army was threatened with encirclement.
Police sources last week who described the note did not say if it mntioned any difficulties with the IRS.
Diplomats described a massive deployment of troops _ perhaps more than 50,000 _ to maintain tense order in the southwest along the border with Iraq.
Large companies do not rely on clearing banks anyway.
"We hope to minimize the government's intervention," Mr. Zhu says.
The plane landed Saturday at the end of a trip that included stops in Paraguay, Bolivia, Peru and Panama, said Customs spokesman Michael Sheehan.
But as the currency rebounded, bond prices recouped some of their losses.
The man was told to take the money to a street corner in Boston's Mattapan section.
She was accompanied in court by her husband of 20 years, Conrad Knickerbocker, Collina said.
Denise Lefebvre, who spent much of her pregnancy strapped to a hospital bed to protect staff from her violent outbursts, had the baby Wednesday, said her guardian, Kathleen Phillips.
Mr. Sulfridge, one of those who is often missing, couldn't be reached for comment.
Endre Bohem, a producer whose credits include the movie "The Night Has a Thousand Eyes" and the TV series "Rawhide," has died.
Between 50% and 75% of today's workers are covered by such plans, up from 5% five years ago.
The proposal requires approval from regulators and from shareholders in Brierley and Industrial Equity (Pacific).
He added that "we were concerned that it might be a competitor" of National Amusements.
Volkswagen doesn't plan any price increases on its 1990 models, while Honda said last week it is freezing prices on most of its Acura Legend models.
"The real answer to alcohol abuse and any social costs associated with it is education of the public, and especially the young," said Gary Zizka of the National Beer Wholesalers' Association in a telephone interview Thursday from Washington.
But Mr. Tsongas may not be in a position to reap the benefit of these opportunities.
I wanted to go to school like other kids.
The advance continued Thursday in the Far East and Europe, but later ran out of steam in New York, as a modicum of bearish dollar sentiment returned.
Decides to remain actively and permanently seized of the matter until Kuwait has regained its independence and peace has been restored in conformity with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council; (B) 12.
He views himself as a superior human being; a player that dictates to society and individuals that are weaker than himself," Prosecutor John Des Jardins said.
The case, expected to be argued before the court later this year, centers on a female high-school student who was forced by a male coach to have sex with him.
By 1985, the United States was a net debtor for the first time in 71 years.
Orders to U.S. factories for manufactured goods fell sharply in July, pulled down by the biggest drop in defense orders in more than four years, the government said Tuesday.
"Sooner or later, waves are going to intersect and reinforce.
Navy officials in that case said the boat's skipper had ignored warnings to stay out of the restricted area.
"The chances of finding any survivors have sunk to zero," said Hesse state mining director Wolf Boettcher.
In other contracts awarded yesterday, Northrop Corp. won a $188.5 million Air Force contract for missile-guidance equipment.
Those announced Thursday were Solzhenitsyn; chess champion Victor Korchnoi; writers Vasily Aksyonov, Vladimir Voinovich, Lev Kopelev, Georgi Valdimov and Valeri Tarsis; scientists Yuri Orlov and Valeri Chalidze; and artist Oskar Rabin.
Agusto Pinochet overthrew President Salvador Allende in 1973.
"If the Khian Sea is planning to go to West Africa, if these guys are thinking of marketing their material there, their timing is way off," said Peter Christich, an official in the EPA's international affairs office.
Wherever times are good, traffic is bad, from Route 1 near Princeton, N.J., to Route 101 in Silicon Valley.
"They're very frustrated; they've gotten no response whatsoever," said Rep. David Nagle, Democrat from Iowa, a major source of grain exports.
He said people were especially interested in water-saving shower heads, which Goodman's stocks at prices ranging from $5 to $40. "The expensive ones have more adjustments for the spray," Pappas said.
Hong Kong residents also have dropped China as a tourist destination, hurting many local travel agents.
It said he was found dead in Ketziot prison Friday and a 23-year-old Palestinian inmate said he killed Rabiya because the victim was an informer, the radio said.
At it's heart, the chicken-in-every-pot-and-condom- in-every-home approach to development is a confusion about economics, not population.
He said they also underscored the need for legislation to better define tanker owners' liabilities.
They were also parents of hyperactive youngsters.
With no medical breakthroughs, Perry said, by the middle of the next century there will be three times more hip fractures, four times as much demand for nursing home beds and eight times as many cases of dementia as in 1980.
Because of those findings, the IRS has assigned nearly 400 collections officers to concentrate on investigating similar cases and hopes to add another 350 next year.
"Differences in ideology and system between the two parts of Korea must no longer form a barrier dividing the people," Kang said at a welcoming ceremony at the government guest house, where the delegation will stay.
Special Situation has been an investor in Prism for about two years, said Earl Rosenstein, Prism's senior vice president and chief financial officer.
Some other researchers agree: "I think it's quite legitimate to call Collaborative's work a genome map," says Ronald Davis, a researcher at Stanford University.
However, Digital's decision to license a PC networking system from Novell, of Provo, Utah, is a sign that Microsoft's networking software business continues to struggle.
"We are 100 percent sure this is the ark," Aaron, of Orlando, Fla., said in a telephone interview.
Out West, a high wind watch was posted this morning for the northwest Chinook zone of Wyoming and the southeast portion of the state.
The Tribune poll on Sunday also showed Bush with a 34-point lead over Dole.
Foreign rescue teams gave up searching last week, convinced no survivors would be found.
The company's most attractive assets include the Princess hotels in Mexico, Bermuda and the Bahamas, which analysts say could be especially lucrative as hotel prices surge.
They increased pressure on Catholics, whose allegiance to a "foreign power" _ the Vatican _ was seen as a threat to stability.
In the midst of the worst magazine slump in years, its ad revenue jumped 30% last year, helping the monthly earn a spot on Adweek magazine's list of the 10 hottest magazines with circulation under one million.
He got an early lesson when he helped deliver his sister Tuesday on the kitchen floor of his home after his mother went into sudden labor.
The Senate's work on the medium-range missile treaty shows that lawmakers will carefully scrutinize any arms pact and not be just a rubber stamp for the president, say the chamber's leaders.
The storm, the second in the region since last Thursday, caused the closure of airports and scores of schools.
O'Toole, who still has pals from those days, one now the assistant editor of the Times of London, learned all phases of newspapering, from pressroom to pub-crawling.
Proceeds will be used for construction and working capital.
"It's all based on basically bad science," said biochemistry professor Bruce Ames of the University of California at Berkeley.
Last week he was presented with a report recommending the creation of regional squads specialised in fighting organised crime.
Most of the joint venture's products will be sold in China, but some will be exported, P&G said.
In a meeting Thursday with stockholders of his Mesa Limited Partnership, Pickens noted that his salary is tied to cash distributions, which the company has suspended because natural gas prices are so low.
The lower paid would be more likely to use any tax hand-out to boost spending, thus stimulating demand in the economy. Furthermore, higher allowances take people out of the tax net.
'Vested interests can help to turn the situation to our favour.
The same day one British soldier was shot to death and two soldiers were wounded in a daylight attack at a rail station in Lichfield, central England.
"What most people have recommended, and what's actually being done and what the policy may be are at considerable variance," he said in a telephone interview.
James A. Roll, a senior vice president of the system's funding operation, said the auditor questioned the system's ability to continue as a going concern in its current form.
Authorities were still gathering evidence in the case involving the fourth child, a 7-year-old girl, and other charges might be filed later against Lenard Johnson, 37, said Montgomery County State's Attorney Kathryn Dobrinic.
Rival US Sprint, a unit of United Telecommunications, had challenged an AT&T ad that claimed: "On average, MCI and US Sprint take over 50% longer than AT&T to set up long distance calls.
"If you cancel after one day," he says, "I'll give you your money back.
In Saudi Arabia, the impact of the Yemeni exodus has been severe in sectors of retail trade and some services.
It suggests that Miami and other coastal cities pay more attention to emergency planning.
For his part, Schafer claims his second name is discretion and insists on pressing his case. But why is he so eager?
The Communist Party now has an absolute majority in the Sejm, and any laws proposed by the party are assured passage.
Morgan Stanley & Co. is the lead underwriter for the offering in the U.S., with Morgan Stanley International for those shares offered internationally.
"With Upjohn's help, the corporation is expected to become a fully integrated pharmaceutical company through gradual transitions in the future," he said.
He is a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and holds a master's degree in journalism from Ohio State University.
Since the latest federal tax increase, tobacco sales have dropped about 8%, says Norm Latowsky, president of UCS Group Ltd., an Imasco Ltd. unit that is one of Canada's largest tobacco retailers.
Dr. Lalezari finds the conditions that Roche currently imposes on getting DDC to be prohibitive, so he sends patients to the underground.
The market opened lower following Wall Street's sharp decline Monday, rallied around midday as several key stocks attracted investor interest, and then slid back into negative territory as Wall Street opened weaker.
The findings indicate "a billion-dollar potential conflict of interest," said Wisconsin Sen. William Proxmire, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, who requested the survey.
The U.S. and Japan agreed to ease the licensing burden for companies that export high-powered computers to allied countries in the industrialized world.
Another troupe opens in Boston on Feb. 20 for seven weeks with seven different casts.
Mr. McCarthy illustrates the Pavlovian extreme to which public discussion of international economics has degenerated.
Sales in the $46 billion U.S. soft-drink market, dominated by Coke and Pepsi, were slow in the fourth quarter, with analysts estimating volume growth of 2% to 3%.
Tambo did not say which sanctions might be eased.
The European Investment Bank's 5 7/8% issue due 1998 closed interdealer trading at 97.80 bid, wiping out Monday's 0.30 point price gain.
But, he adds, "If there's a large reserve, it would be insane to leave it."
The Senate is considering a transportation bill this week and is to begin debating an anti-crime package next week.
The boats can handle more than 7,000 passengers, and the Tuesday morning count was about 3,200, he said.
But she said the incident taught her students "that in a democracy you can protest things you don't like." School Superintendent Walter Gibson said Chan "crossed a line," but he didn't plan any disciplinary action.
In a 1985 interview, Mr. Minkow said his career began at the age of 10, when he carried water at a carpet-cleaning business managed by his mother.
All three television networks called MacKay the winner shortly after 10 p.m.
The committee also employed Tanya Rahall, Rep. Rahall's sister, for five years until 1984.
He was always readable, but he lost - or jettisoned - his romantic sub-text. Worst of all, Deighton got involved in an interminable series about a boring and middle-aged British agent called Bernard Samson.
But voters largely blame the U.S. rather than Japan for the auto industry's ills: Only 19% say unfair Japanese trading practices are responsible, and by two to one they say that the Japanese make better cars.
The organizer of the Wednesday patrol, Bella Gonen, said the settlers began the patrols in April after losing faith in the Israeli army's ability to end the 18-month Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule.
In October 1992, more than 40,000 miners worked for British Coal at 50 pits. In addition to the 17 pits in operation, British Coal is planning to open the Asfordby pit in Leicestershire next year.
Two computer models were set up to see what would happen to the broiler industries in the United States and Canada if producers had to pay more for corn used to feed their birds.
"They are led by Abu Ibrahim, a qualified engineer," Eitan was quoted as telling the newspaper. "In the early days Ibrahim received all his financial support from Iraqi intelligence, who continue to provide him with cash and premises.
The reason most frequently given for the recent increase in multiple birth rates, says the article, "is the increasing tendency for women to delay childbirth until their 30s and later.
But the number of Cuban inmates, detained during the Mariel boatlift because of their records in Cuba or imprisoned later for offenses in the United States, mounted.
"We would have been heroes."
"They continue to see yields higher than they have in two or three months.
Dafoe is, by necessity, the antithesis, and he delivers well.
He even gives Ronald Reagan's policies credit for helping to win the Cold War.
The Airbus landed safely Friday at Stornoway Airport, on the Isle of Lewis, and no one was injured.
Several young women were also wearing high-heeled shoes.
Now if somebody would just nudge the salesmen.
Mr. Purches refused to quantify the likely loss, or identify the division that has attracted interest from possible buyers.
Also, farmers are being required to idle only 10 percent of their wheat base acres for 1989 in order to qualify for government price supports, compared with 27.5 percent previously.
These latter qualities come out in the fine portrait, attributed to Filippo Bellini, with which the exhibition opens.
Secretary of State George Shultz testified that the Reagan administration's arms sales to Iran provoked a "battle royal" that matched him against deceptive White House advisers and a president reluctant to see the policy as one of arms for hostages.
The Navy has been the big winner in the military buildup of recent years, moving toward a 600-ship fleet including 15 aircraft-carrier battle groups.
After the transaction, Bethlehem Steel, Bethlehem, Pa., will own a 37.5% interest and take 75% of the output.
These included plants in Hauts-de-Seine and Seine-Maritime, as well as six factories of the Propharm SA unit.
D'Amato, R-N.Y., a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, invited Takayuki Kimura to his Senate office to hand over a letter signed by all 100 members of the Senate.
These offer plot synopses of novels.
South Korea posted a trade surplus of $572 million for November, in contrast to a year-earlier deficit of $35 million, the Trade and Industry Ministry said.
Being outside the government structure would also make it easier for the workers to organize strikes, another threat to the faltering economy.
Khamenei accused the Americans and the Israelis of instigating the fighting, according to the official Iranian agency, monitored in Nicosia.
Kennedy chided the administration for delaying participation thus far in the legislative action.
Smaller company shares responded sluggishly to the general recovery in the UK stockmarket.
But the key to Mr Gould's campaign is going to be putting a case for a new appeal and a fresh style, aimed at attracting the southern middle-class that Labour so signally failed to win over last week.
Some of this would come from existing aid programmes, but new money of Dollars 75bn a year would also be required. Mr Strong said in London yesterday these figures assumed that all aid programmes would start at once, which was unlikely.
As lifestyles and fashions changed over the years, Barbie's clothes and accessories kept pace.
Problems resurfaced in July when Hollis decided to hire a new executive director and several board members said they felt the full board should have voted on the post.
In any event, all sides have agreed that any deficit accord would have to include a change in the Gramm-Rudman deficit target.
Also, hadn't I learned that when the oil price rose the dollar did too, because people had to pay for oil in dollars?
They'll also hear rock star Stephen Stills and jazz artist Grover Washington at the official host committee's party for 9,000 journalists at the huge Georgia World Congress Center.
'But now, with conventionally structure trusts, it is all down to the gearing and the low management costs, and to the performance of the underlying assets.'
"Don't be nervous; you're among friends," Wade told them. "And when I say friends, I mean friends.
A good reason for writing notes a few at a time is that it's easier to make the words of thanks spontaneous and sincere than if you tackle several dozen notes at once.
"By 2000 nearly one-third of all school-age children will be from minority populations _ a situation that presents a major challenge to our school systems," the Population Reference Bureau reported.
We must always have other options," Cheney said.
At the time, the industry's outlook was bleak, and Bethlehem Steel Corp. and Armco were widely touted as candidates for bankruptcy court.
However, he added: "I'm afraid that this year will be a little worse in terms of economic growth."
The NASL, however, collapsed little more than a decade later in bankruptcy. If the new league - named Major League Soccer, and due to kick-off next April - is to avoid the fate of its predecessors, it has to start well.
With a net outflow of capital from Japan and no rise in Japanese interest rates, "there's no reason to send the yen higher right now," he said.
It has lots of pockets and a detachable imitation fur hood.
Bruce Russell Partner Corporate Communications Group Marina del Rey, Calif.
The exchange is expected to reopen Monday.
Although most of the company's shareholders were New Zealanders, he said 60 per cent of the property assets were in Australia.
Canadian manufacturers have begun to feel the pinch, too.
She said it was not possible to say how long it could take before the commission decided whether any price fixing had occurred.
This has made the roads too expensive for most Mexican truck and car drivers. In an attempt to spread capital costs over a longer period, a category of Mexican infrastructure bond has been introduced.
Iran reported 1,700 civilians killed and 8,500 wounded but diplomatic sources said the actual number of casualties probably was double that.
We hear that Air Force Intelligence has officially concluded the Soviets have rolled production lines to break out of the ABM treaty and deploy a nationwide anti-missile system, which possibly could be in place by next year.
Asked if being the candidate's cousin is a great part, she replied: "It certainly is." On Wednesday night, Miss Dukakis sat among the New Jersey delegation as Dukakis formally won the nomination.
Thames blamed weak overseas markets, although one environmental services subsidiary lost Pounds 2m due to poor management. An expected run of enhanced scrip dividend alternatives failed to materialise.
By 1994 India will be a major force in the market.' Companies are gearing up for growth with heavy investments.
Over the years, the FDA has granted dozens of extensions to allow Red No. 3 to remain on the provisional list.
Bond prices were mixed as municipal and corporate issues rose while Treasury bonds fell.
The fundamental action to set the budget on a more secure course should be taken next year.
Those protests were linked to a continuing abortion protest in Atlanta that began when the Democratic National Convention was held there in July and has resulted in 1,200 arrests.
"We estimate we lost many thousands of calls during the outage and thousands of potential bookings," said Karen Ceremsack, an Eastern Airlines spokeswoman.
He added: "We're going to get a handle on the deficit."
The merger is seen as a marriage of weakness, as both agencies have struggled recently.
Konecky said last week that CBS had given no specific reason why they wanted to replace her and had set no date for her to leave.
The guerrillas later told the family that the senator was kidnapped as part of the rebel group's attempt to start peace talks with the government.
This was really just a piece of political theatre: easy to understand, vibrant with symbolism, but devoid of operational significance. Europe is a different matter.
At this institution we make a distinction between prophylactic mastectomy and mastectomy for risk reduction. Prophylactic mastectomy is a simple mastectomy that removes essentially all breast tissue and theoretically reduces the risk of cancer to zero.
The key distinction to be made is how to classify the place _ as a personal residence, a rental property, or a combination of the two.
Thought for Today: "Being young is a fault which improves daily." - Swedish proverb.
The decision to end the relationship followed a divergence of interest between Laporte and Solvay. While Laporte has shifted, over the past decade to high-value low volume products, Solvay, Belgium's largest company, has concentrated on bulk products.
At least 11 students were arrested.
If confirmed by the Senate, she would succeed Terrence M. Scanlon to head the commission and would provide the quorum the panel needs to conduct business.
How long the borrower plans to stay in a particular house is a major factor, says James Christian, chief economist of the U.S. League of Savings Institutions.
Analysts see falling mortgage rates leading to continued but slow growth in the housing industry for the remainder of the year, similar to that projected by the leading indicators for the overall economy.
In the past three weeks the OTC price indexes have risen more than 16%.
It reminds smokers that they have rights, and it sends its message to 11 million non-paying readers, making it, the company says, the nation's fifth-largest periodical.
He insists on full discussion of his case with his doctors, and he won't take insults or patronizing lip from them.
They quickly set to work removing debris piled several yards deep.
Mr. Waigel said the fund's interest service and principal will be borne equally by the federal and state governments, both of which could face interest service reaching 4.75 billion marks a year by 1995.
However, the outlook brightens next year, when the benefits of the freight distribution business's new computer system should start to feed through and the Pounds 18m Barcelona distribution centre announced in July comes on stream.
The vice president would subsequently write off the Iowa performance as a testimonial to dissatisfaction in the farm belt with Reagan.
She said she agreed to appear at the seminar only because she hoped to help others avoid similar experiences.
In a plan approved by President Reagan in April, development of the space station was divided into two phases and scaled down to cut costs.
Another major lesson, Mr. Shultz said, is that only officials accountable to Congress or the American electorate should be allowed to carry out the types of operations that Mr. Reagan's national security staff apparently executed independently.
His live shows are much the same: no band, but a resourceful entertainer who can turn the audience into part of the show.
Now we have it recorded in the law.
Jones, 27, was convicted by a federal jury in March 1989 of seven counts of perjury and obstruction of justice for lying to a federal grand jury investigating trading activities at Drexel.
His offer was accepted and he met periodically with Turow.
Budget debate, third day. Lords: Trade Union Reform and Employment Rights Bill, committee.
This cash drain was funded by raising deposits.
For some aged 80, perhaps having to list only 20 birthdays is a joy.
But the spokesman, Avi Pazner, said there was "more convergence" between Shultz and Shamir on Palestinian self-rule and an overall settlement.
The city has since changed, he said.
We suspect that most Americans are pleased with the performance of the economy over the past five years.
In the early 1960s, when Japanese whaling was at its peak, whales provided about 23 percent of all meat consumed in the country.
Dividend for the second quarter 1.875p, making 3.75p for the half year.
Auto quotas encouraged the Japanese to aim for the more profitable end of the U.S. auto market.
If, in these circumstances, beer consumption continues to decline, the brewers have only themselves to blame.
This prohibition was partly blamed for the failed coup attempt against Manuel Noriega before he was finally apprehended.
I think I found that in `Sweet Hearts Dance.'
The Quayle proposal would limit these damages to cases of bad intent, and punitives couldn't exceed twice the amount of actual harm.
In Honolulu, Marcos' widow, Imelda, said she would continue efforts to return her husband to the Philippines.
"Because of their cultural heritage of self-sufficiency and attendant distaste for government assistance programs, many Hispanics would rather forego JTPA training than accept food stamp assistance just to qualify for the program," the agency said.
The pace of immigration has already risen dramatically in the last few months, Dinitz noted.
Ashland officials did not say why the Middle Eastern firm backed out of the contract but said the deal was broken during the Iranian hostage crisis in 1979.
The stock market rose today, buoyed by corporate takeover maneuvering and favorable investor response to the government's report of a lower-than-expected January trade deficit.
Mandela, accompanied by his wife, Winnie, inspected a military honor guard, but did not give a speech.
Glaxo Holdings' American depositary receipts added 1 1/4 to end at 29 3/4 after a Smith Barney analyst reiterated a "buy" recommendation on the British drug maker.
This issue cannot be postponed until Poland and Hungary are at the gates, because the admission of the Finns and the Swedes will determine the institutional terms of the next enlargement.
It is at Hawthorn House, Forth Banks, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE1 3SG.
As soon as it is over, the teen-agers crowding the back of the church kneel, cross themselves and head for the basement to dance.
Bush's one-day visit to Prague on Saturday, the first by a U.S. president, coincides with the first anniversary of Czechoslovakia's "Velvet Revolution."
What on earth could government do with 25% of GNP that would foster economic growth?
A spokesman for the U.S. trade representative agrees: "The next president is going to have a tough battle" with Congress.
In addition, the government recently formed a paramilitary unit called the National Rifles, which could undertake counterinsurgency operations in the troubled state of Jammu-Kashmir, freeing the army to go to the border.
The stock was issued at the time of the 1989 merger of Time and Warner. The Dollars 147m after-dividend loss was down from a Dollars 179m deficit a year ago.
"Our units weren't heavily invested in stocks and were liquid" with cash of about 1 billion francs in the group, he said.
Hoare Govett expects the group to report fourth quarter pre-tax profits of only Pounds 27m, making a total of Pounds 550m for the year.
Mr John Monks, TUC general secretary, said: 'These new maternity rights are a step in the right direction but they don't go far enough.
But some chains that reported sales gains attributed the feat to a quirk of the calendar.
He observes nobody focusing on the homeless and the drug addicts littering our streets.
Meanwhile, Harcourt Brace's 13% senior notes, due in 1997, also chalked up one point to end at 91 after rising by 1 1/2 points Tuesday.
"It is too late to discuss whether the country needs a multi-party system or not.
The judge also ordered the resumption of contract talks, which broke off after dawn Tuesday.
Some key elements were still being debated last night, and may not be resolved for several more weeks.
As previously reported, the oil ministers resolved the output issue by agreeing to maintain it at 22.3 million barrels a day, the current ceiling, through September with the idea of taking a new look at it then.
But neither "constructive" receipt nor economic benefit was the issue, and Stonehill's plea was irrelevant, Judge Scott held.
But, he swears, not by him.
Harvard dreamed up what is called hypermedia - "pictures and graphs and text all tied together in a database," Ervin said.
Women's voices can be another handicap, but one that can be fixed: Gasoline trader Madeline Boyd, who came from the polite world of corporate human resources, started trading with a "squeaky" voice but then took voice lessons for six weeks.
"Their niche is that they dominate Midway Airport in Chicago, which is much closer to downtown than O'Hare," he said.
The Dinwiddies sold most of their farming equipment to finance the trip, which they first discussed several years ago.
"If this threat has done nothing more than gotten everyone to go out to make back-up files, then maybe it's not such a bad thing," Steinauer said. "The bottom line is, make a back-up and get back to work," he said.
The company said it expects to report first-quarter revenue in the range of $104 million to $107 million, down more than 20% from the $135.9 million in revenue it reported for the first quarter of 1990.
Golden parachutes, triggered by a takeover or other change in control, are richer: They typically cover about three years' pay and bonus.
He says the credit crunch has to do with softening credit demand associated with the weak economy.
De la Madrid said both U.S. presidential candidates, Vice President George Bush and Michael Dukakis, along with European leaders, have recognized that ways must be found to overcome the problem.
He called the situation "extremely deplorable" and said the developments would arouse the concern of the U.S. government and people.
"The halt in killings in the north and east is a major breakthrough," Deputy Defense Minister Ranjan Wijeratne said Thursday.
A 25% basic tax rate remains his "firm objective," Mr. Lawson said.
The estimate is not expected to come close to meeting the claims.
The company's stock was delayed in opening on the American Stock Exchange, pending the announcement.
"We suspect (Martin's) behavior may have played a part in the accident," a law enforcement source said.
David S. Shapira, president and chief executive officer of Giant Eagle Inc., was elected a director of this gas and oil concern.
Miss Hurley's parents, Gordon and Joyce Hurley of Thousand Oaks in suburban Los Angeles, said Wednesday that Bowie, 42, proposed to their 22-year-old daughter on Tuesday during a European vacation.
Study after study has called for action.
About two-thirds of the nation's breadwinner wives have only high-school degrees and hold low-paying secretarial, sales and service-sector jobs.
In its annual report, the Bank of Mexico said the gross national product grew by 1.4 percent in 1987, after contracting by 4 percent the previous year.
Barry's lawyer argued that federal prosecutors had improperly trapped him by asking a female friend to invite him to the hotel and to press him repeatedly about whether he wanted drugs.
Mrs. Chamorro said a civilian would replace Ortega's brother, Gen.
The president went boating immediately after church, and was out in his speedboat again in the late afternoon as a storm was gathering.
After all, the Nikkei is still swinging wildly; some people say it could halve again.
The characters of Amos Jones and Andy Brown were created in 1928 by Freeman Gosden and Charles Correll, who wrote and produced the "Amos `N' Andy" radio program, one of the nation's most popular.
The group's total balance sheet was reduced from FFr239.4bn to FFr218.2bn. The cover rate on its sovereign risks was raised from 51 per cent to 60 per cent.
Two years later I saw the film and watched this guy going across the floor looking like a giant egg-beater.
Congressional leaders, in virtual agreement on major tax issues, sought spending compromises today as they neared completion of a deficit-reduction plan that has the tentative support of a majority of lawmakers and President Bush.
At the center of this debate is Father Carroll, 50, a baby-faced priest and unlikely hero for the homeless.
Mrs. Bush also held several of the children.
Now, I'd like to turn for a moment to events this past week in the Persian Gulf.
A new rule to tighten state inspections of bridges was announced Wednesday by the Federal Highway Administration.
Another public company probably wouldn't want its own stock price dragged down by tobacco.
It calls for an agreement for the program of reform and plans for activities and the way of social control.
Coleco also announced Wednesday that it had hired Hallwood Group Inc. to help it restructure its balance sheet and provide working capital.
How much is available is unclear.
The opera has four scenes.
Explorers set out for the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald today, hoping to use an underwater robot to get new explanations for the Lake Superior disaster almost 14 years ago.
At the same time, there's rising interest in European and smaller Asian economies and stock markets.
He's still trying to get through those feelings," McKeon said.
BBA Group, noticeably weaker the previous day on the cash call for Pounds 79.1m. steadied at 128p. London International Group, the consumer products and services company, advanced strongly amid talk that Genting of Malaysia was keen to boost its stake.
The number of professionals handling cases at the Commission dropped from 94 to 89 last year, making a total of some 130 including support staff.
The proposal is likely to alarm many Western European officials.
William Clay Ford said Thursday he was retiring as a vice chairman of Ford Motor Co., paving the way for a fourth generation of family leadership of the automaker founded by his grandfather, Henry Ford.
No buyers have come forward with the $2.8 million asking price for the showplace home of the late Liberace, so the property will be sold at auction next month.
Before renewing most-favored-nation status next year, the bill would require the president to consider whether the Beijing government has made significant progress in several areas.
German and French are a distant second.
These questions came to mind recently as we watched the latest anti-pesticide crusade begin its march through the pages of some newspapers.
Prose was his medium.
Among the firm's stock picks that have performed well lately: USX-Marathon Group, up 46% in the September quarter; Johnson Worldwide Associates Inc., up 21%; and Carolina Freight Corp., up 18%.
It was the intervention of the Bank of Spain that was to blame for his failure.
Increasing levels of self-insurance and formation of captives are likely alternatives.
But embassy spokesman Bill Bach said Walters, who started his job last week, would make no public comment on his talks with West German leaders in alliance efforts to resolve the issue.
The drivers of "jeepneys," privately owned passenger vehicles operated through government franchises, are demanding lower prices for spare parts and the suspension of a state-ordered reduction in fares.
Mahoney dropped out of high school in the 10th grade and grew tobacco with his father and a brother-in-law until he got a job at M&T Chemical Co. in Carrollton.
The necessary condition will be far lower interest rates than now.
Domestic spending authority would be cut by $678 million, or $401 million in outlays, although some accounts will have new anti-drug and anti-crime money added back to them.
Victims less severely affected may cough bloody sputum for months.
John Major is innocent.
President F.W. de Klerk of South Africa has argued that the reforms show that his country is changing and he has urged foreign countries to lift economic sanctions.
An on-screen image can, at a quick glance, draw the eye to an unusual spike of red or dash of blue, revealing patterns that numbers need thousands of rows to show.
East German police used clubs and a water cannon to break up a demonstration Sunday by several hundred human rights activists in downtown Leipzig, witnesses said.
Only about 300 peers attend debates regularly, and in May the government had to summon non-attenders to ensure passage of a controversial property tax bill.
Chikane was hospitalized on four separate occasions from May 12 to May 27 at University of Wisconsin Hospitals.
Bentsen said one of the last things he did before heading to the hall on Wednesday night was to gather his wife and children in his hotel suite and pray.
'It would be wrong to put words into his mouth if they were not correct, but where you have a civil servant giving evidence on behalf of a department, many hands contribute,' he said.
It was "the negative politics of distraction," he said, wagging his finger at the press.
Traditionally, conservatives have criticized the bank, charging that its policies promote central planning and thus discourages market forces.
The U.N. Command today accused North Korea of trying to disrupt the 1988 Olympic Games by fabricating false claims that war is looming on the Korean peninsula.
By most reports, it seems that the corn crop has been hurt the most in the Southeast.
The NBC News-Wall Street Journal survey of 2,630 likely voters found Bush leading 45-41 percent compared with last month's poll showing Bush ahead 47-40 percent.
Though the market is small, Australia showed a 40% surge, with shipments totaling 4,605 units.
John S. Ellingboe was appointed vice president, human resources, of this bakery company.
In about half of the 170 patients treated, the valves narrowed up again within a year of the procedure.
Spokesmen for the bank, a unit of Chase Manhattan Corp., weren't immediately available for comment.
That compares with 57 per cent in 1985.
We may never know why it happened," Sumter County Sheriff Randy Howard said.
The study by researchers for the Urban Institute and Princeton University said 71 percent of the decline in apprehensions along the U.S.-Mexico border appears due to the "deterrent effect" of the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act.
The IRS opposed a private sale, saying the property would bring a higher price later.
The U.S. has begun withdrawing its nuclear weapons from South Korea and will soon tell North Korea that the South is nuclear-free, according to local news reports.
The issue in the past two weeks has climbed to 5 1/8 from 4, and is up from 3 3/8 since the start of the year, a 52% two-month climb.
First, it is small and has no rural areas: technological changes involving everybody are less difficult to achieve than elsewhere.
Third-quarter results include net from continuing operations of $854,669, or seven cents a share; a loss from discontinued operations of $3.6 million; and a gain of $337,993 from repurchasing debentures.
Under the agreement liquidating CX Partners, formerly known as Ivan F. Boesky & Co., most of the limited partners received 100 percent of their investment, Herwitz said.
Smith told the jury that she and the mayor snorted cocaine powder at her Capitol Hill home "maybe five times" in 1983 and up to half a dozen times a year after that until 1986 when she stopped using the drug with him.
Lord Birdwood, chairman of Martlet and a director of Scientific Generics and Meta Generics, at WORTHINGTON.
The 48-hour affair attracted 270 couples who began dancing at 7 p.m. Friday to support the Milton S. Hershey Medical Center's Four Diamonds Fund.
Hatch, 41, campaigned in part on the theme that the incumbent has been around too long and has become distracted.
Extra tax staff have been needed at the Inland Revenue to handle the complications. Last year, the tax credit that comes with share dividends was reduced from the basic rate of 25 per cent to the 20 per cent lower rate.
Michael Carpenter, an executive vice president of GE Financial Services, said he saw five or six new areas of growth for leveraged buy-outs, including doing such transactions in Europe and forming alliances with other concerns.
The driving force behind the festival is the conductor Patrick Fournillier.
At Lincoln Center's Juilliard Theater, the troupe's ballet school, founded in 1713 by Louis XIV, presented 90 of its pupils in a seven-hour precis of its training syllabus.
Industry spokesmen noted that a smoking ban on flights within in California has been largely accepted since it went into effect at the first of the year.
Under current ethics rules of the institute, the industry's principal professional group, accountants can only charge hourly fees for such advice and cannot accept any contingency fees or commissions.
But he concedes that the recent trend indicates "fundamental problems."
Revenue at stores open at least one year was up 5%.
Police confirmed the attack without reporting the politics of the assailants or victims.
The stock has been weighed down in recent weeks by CBS's own dour earnings projections, heavy spending on sports and program rights, unusual costs for news coverage of the Persian Gulf crisis and a soft advertising environment.
"That really brought home how important it is to get all the facts straight," Mr. Gert says.
There was no immediate reaction from the union to the Cincinnati-based company's announcement Monday that it would raise the basic wage by $62.50 to $308.50 a month.
Cleveland-based Standard Oil Co. is now BP America.
Commander David Gault of the Coast Guard.
Federal bank regulators, concerned about the growing volume of leveraged-buy-out debt, have cautioned banks to consider how such loans would fare during a recession or in periods of high inflation.
The guerrilla-controlled Afghan News Agency charged that government troops fire rockets at civilian targets to discredit the mujahedeen, or Islamic holy warriors.
"The government is now acting to implement the recommendation for a new regulatory system and to ensure that the lessons of this terrible event are fully learnt and fully put into effect,"' Wakeham said.
"Camel Wide feels different in your hand and in your mouth." But some industry executives and distributors question the strategy.
Bennett later said he was eager to do battle with Democrats over racial quotas and affirmative action.
Lacayo says UNO has 16,000 sympathizers nationwide who help with rallies and encourage people to vote for UNO.
"We even have a list of apartment buildings where we're not welcome," says James Shau, manager of the Empire Szechuan Columbus on Columbus Avenue.
James Earl Ray, serving a 99-year prison sentence for killing civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr., has filed for divorce from his wife of 12 years.
In another boost for the anti-Iraqi forces, Mikhail S. Gorbachev today said Saddam Hussein's attempts to divide the multinational effort are bound to fail.
The change would be phased in gradually, initially adding only 7-year-olds to the program and progressing to children one year older each year.
"You're up high one minute and you're down low.
The tactics carried parliament through its first overnight session in 13 years.
Red Army soldiers on Tuesday stormed two psychiatric hospitals in Lithuania to apprehend deserters.
The stock, which has risen nearly 60% this year, recently was trading at 30 times 12-month earnings.
Late Wednesday, Citicorp offered 20 million shares at 58 1/4.
Rejected appeals by Hispanics challenging Florida's designation of English as the state's official language.
"If the state doesn't buy it now, I'm sure it's not going to be here next year," said Ainsley Fullard-Leo, 57, the youngest of three brothers who own the U-shaped string of islets 960 miles south of Hawaii and 200 miles north of the equator.
Mr. Sanders says he never considered throwing in the towel and changing strategy, largely because Bernstein's picks are determined by comparing price with longterm earnings power.
Although the Fed's emphasis on recovery has gotten the market thinking about renewed inflation, the Fed's own comments have been just the opposite.
Newsday, a New York newspaper, printed a story on Dec. 8 with the headline: "Canadian Plan: Care and Waiting for All."
"One of the things about textbooks is they don't vote and they don't go out on strike.
Economic life is far more complicated than suggested by the myths of economic nationalists. Nor can a people can be mobilised for economic war, as American troops were mobilised for the desert.
The seriousness with which child labor now is viewed is indicated in a series of recent articles in the official press.
"Clearly it must be that they could be approached.
Volkswagen again paced the auto sector, jumping 7 to 301 on heavy foreign buying.
However, the president also proposed making Wall head of the new Office of Thrift Supervision in the Treasury Department that is to replace the Home Loan Bank Board as the industry's chief regulator.
Iraq, Syria's main Arab enemy, called Wednesday for an emergency Arab summit to try and end the strife that has killed more than 150,000 people since Lebanon's civil war began in April 1975.
"I certainly think it is imperative that he start early because he is not really well known in Texas," said Texas Democratic Party Chairman Bob Slagle. "He has a reasonable chance in Texas.
Bush doesn't need high-priced pollsters to tell him Noriega and Meese aren't bringing him a lot of votes.
The event is televised all day.
The winner of the primary will face independent candidate Alderman Timothy Evans and the Republican candidate chosen in the GOP primary in an April 4 special election to serve the two-year balance of the late Mayor Harold Washington's unfinished term.
To put a child in such a situation "may be sentencing those children to death." Hanlon said Eliana's doctors found no evidence of blood in the mouth, but Eliana would be kept out of class if that occurred.
That plan was later abandoned in favour of a 100 per cent subsidiary. The government approved Coke's proposal in June 1993, allowing it to set up a blending plant at Pune in the state of Maharashtra.
Contel Cellular Inc., Atlanta, a unit of Contel Corp., began trading Class A common stock under the symbol CCXLA.
"I tell them American and British Jews aren't replenishing our manpower and therefore they aren't giving Israel what Israel needs most," he says.
Under the bill, the Department of the Interior would protect the Hanford Reach for eight years until a study determines whether to permanently preserve the stretch under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act.
Mr. Langeler, formerly executive vice president, succeeds Thomas Bruggere, 41, who remains chairman and chief executive officer of the maker of computer-aided engineering systems.
More than 250 people died in flooding in central China's Hunan province last month.
Earthquake kills more than 1,600 people in Philippines.
Nearly $1 million was raised by Baltimore for the festival.
But national service seems to be an idea whose time has come.
But when the channel behind them was nearly filled, the whales turned back.
Indian police have raided the Golden Temple a dozen times in the last two years, but such raids are a political as well as a military risk because Sikhs consider them a desecration of their holy shrine.
Paul's soldiers were blamed for much of the violence.
Recipients are proposed by a large board and chosen by a nine-man committee of musicians and arts administrators.
"US Sprint and MCI differ on a lot of issues but not on AT&T's use of misleading ads," he said.
Educators want to include five other schools in the radiation monitoring plan to prove their theory that electric and magnetic fields at Sandpiper Shores are no different than the radiation levels that exist on other campuses.
"It's amazing how market psychology works," said one top junk-bond trader.
When Amway Corp. made a $2.1 billion takeover bid for Avon Products Inc. last week, the deal focused attention on a business that has quietly shifted from blind calls to target marketing.
If you have, there is plenty on offer that is reasonably priced without sounding tacky. Never one to leave its rooms empty if it can help it, Hilton International has been wracking its corporate brain for intriguingly cheap offers. Birdwatching weekends?
Markets will become less price-efficient, hopes for corporate accountability and governance dashed, the honest majority worse off. And why should capitalist acts between consenting adults in private be banned in a free society?
In one of the more intriguing glasnostic sidelights, Mr. Marciulionis became the first Soviet athlete ever permitted by Soviet authorities to play for an American professional team in a genuine, born-in-the-USA sport.
Britain's economy grew at a faster-than-expected 1.3 percent in the second quarter, the government said Tuesday.
Soybean oil futures fell sharply on selling inspired by weakening chart signals.
It is to be held in Moscow, possibly in late May or early June.
At Porterville, 18 Earth First! members handed out fliers that accused the Forest Service of degrading the land with timber-cutting and forest roads.
I can't really work out how it happened.
Orion says it has found that the rewinding machines at its duplicator's plant can rewind tapes tighter than some consumers' videocassette recorders.
The narrow margin of Wednesday's vote demonstrated that amnesty for those who came to this country illegally remains an emotional issue.
The others are Simranjeet Singh Mann, a former senior police officer; Attinder Pal Singh, a well-known militant; and college lecturers Dalip Singh and Jagmohan Singh Tony.
Such a plan would use odd or even numbers on license plates to assign alternate driving days for the area's 12 million motorists.
But officials have expressed concern at the increasing use of violence.
We've successfully captured a number of accounts.' Demand for diesel engines has recovered in the UK and the US, but remains fragile in continental Europe.
Just one problem: "Someone forgot to take two bundles out" of one of the vans, says Mr. Klein, who, incidentally, was President Nixon's communications director.
Many of the major companies have agreed to issue their monthly results on the same date, similar to the practice in past years. Monthly results had been released on different days earlier this year.
Many assume - quite wrongly as it turns out - that the taste must be caused by the same water that was having so much effect on my tea.
A standardized formula proposed by regulators last September ran into some heavy-duty resistance from the industry and some legislators in Washington.
"Unfortunately, the heart of the farm bill is not there," said Leahy, a Vermont Democrat. "The administration fails to tell farmers what it thinks target prices should be.
There are indications that BCCI drew capital from First American to prop itself up.
The slave woman, Sally Hemmings, was the illegitimate daughter of Jefferson's father-in-law, and her children probably were fathered by Jefferson's nephew, he says. Fleming suspects Jefferson never denied the charge publicly to protect his family.
As the world's most populous country with 1.1 billion people, even slight changes in per capita use can translate into large numbers.
The loan was renegotiated in 1986 after Polaris was unable to keep the planes leased, as required.
Many people on the operators' lists routinely keep the White House abreast of any number changes.
All the no votes were cast by Democrats.
Mr. Siemel didn't see anything funny about it.
In the filing, the Perelman group said it wants to increase its TW holdings "based in part upon the substantial decline in the market price of the common stock in recent months."
But under an EC emergency loan, no further delays can be allowed.
Yesterday's activity was bereft of any significant market-moving news.
If whites want to play there by themselves, says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden, whites should also build it by themselves.
He declined to give his name, saying he was afraid the dealers would come after him, even though he lives in Queens and was only visiting relatives.
Private-sector business employment grew at an average rate of only 120,000 a month in August and September, compared with more than 300,000 a month during the first seven months of the year.
Harvey said on arrival in Phnom Penh that he came only to view the remains and the issue of normalized relations between Cambodia and the United States "definitely is not on the agenda." In Bangkok, team spokesman Lt.
Some buying buffeted the fall as regional brokerage firms such as Edward D. Jones & Co. in St. Louis advised clients to take advantage of the market drop.
Unfortunately, the symbolism of this week's grand opening was spoiled when John Gummer, Britain's saintly minister of agriculture, failed to turn up.
Dukakis aides and allies said they were considering a harbor event of their own to answer the expected Bush attacks on Dukakis' handling of the harbor project.
The government also announced immediate tariff reductions on certain fabrics that aren't made in Canada, with fabrics from the U.S. eligible for bigger reductions than those from offshore.
He also asked for licensing rights that lasted for decades and deals that allowed him to relicense images to others.
The great majority of Koreans, including most students, want the Games to be a success.
In Zurich, gold opened at $350.40 per ounce, down from $350.50 late Friday.
Some traders believed many investors focused on the lazy movements of the U.S. dollar, which ended mixed yesterday.
I told artist Jack Kirby, `Let's make a hero out of a monster." Lee, who joined Marvel Comics when he was 16, said, "Superheroes aren't a tough sell.
Hundreds of Midwestern farmers who claim an insurance company reneged on its summer drought insurance must meet today's deadline if they want to apply for premium refunds, lawyers said.
The government decided March 5 to pay interim compensation to the victims of the gas leak at the Union Carbide Corp.'s Bhopal pesticide plant pending the outcome of legal battles with the U.S.-based multinational.
I don't want to talk about me.
Unruly children scamper about colorful gardens inside high fences.
The existence of Neptune's dark spot is mysterious because scientists didn't think the planet had enough heat to drive fierce winds, said Ingersoll.
Even if U.S. banks cut their exposure to LBO-related loans because of the new Fed guidelines, some experts believe that won't deter the pace of debt-financed takeovers.
'Almost all the European countries now agree that they have to review their social security systems.
Her own insecurities kept pushing her back.
The homemade bomb detonated in the front yard of the one-story home just before 9 p.m., said Hillsborough County Sheriff's Lt.
RTZ likes to drive a hard bargain when selling assets so whether an acceptable offer comes along remains to be seen.
Under the new rule, Poles can travel to the six countries for as much as three months, but are prohibited from taking jobs.
MCO, which is about 53%-owned by Los Angeles-based MCO Holdings Inc., of which Mr. Hurwitz is chairman and chief executive officer, is in default on $46.6 million of secured bank debt.
Indeed, analysts speculate that it wasn't Mr. Gorbachev but some hard-liners around him who forced him to shift positions last Friday.
At 12:01 a.m. Sunday, Illinois Bell officials transferred the last 18,000 customers from the damaged, jury-rigged switch to a new, state-of-the-art digital unit.
The market reaction arose partly from Prozac's enormous recent buildup.
Residents quickly formed an organization, Clean Air Northfield, to investigate the health threat.
Sales trend reported over past three years by merchants on Bergenline Avenue in West New York, N.J.
He said the company's stock is trading at about $45 a share, while the insiders sold their shares at prices ranging from $42 to $45 a share.
Tears come into your eyes when you see them in their blue pants and blue skirts and white shirts. They read the scripture, they do everything.
In Washington, Pentagon spokesman Bob Hall said there were indications the explosion was "internal."
The wildcat walkouts began June 12 in support of 1,900 union members on strike against the Pittston Coal Group Inc. in a contract dispute.
The hunger strikers initially demanded a dialogue with the government on reform, to be broadcast live, and an apology for an initial official declaration that the student democracy movement was a plot against the party.
And for some young people on low salaries, contracting out is also much less attractive. The difficulty is that there are wide differences of view over when it it is worthwhile to opt back into SERPS.
It is just that once bureaucrats get their hands on a lot of property, they don't want to let go.
SOCIAL SECURITY: Include deferred compensation, such as contributions to 401(k) retirement plans, in the formula used for determining amount of wages subject to Social Security tax and, ultimately, monthly benefits.
Guy Cambria, Tolland's chairman and president, said the Canadian group's letter of withdrawal didn't specify a reason for the decision.
In January, she gave up a small partnership that was trying, with little success, to sell visual-aid products.
First, our approach is reasonable deadlines for those who must comply.
Spear points, arrowheads and flakes from toolmaking were uncovered while developers were bulldozing land for a subdivision in 1988.
Twenty years later, he has just the one pair of boots.
Analysts tired of hunting for hard data in company chairmen's reports would probably award the head of Thailand's Saha Union conglomerate good marks for at least admitting it.
The Bank for International Settlements urged bank supervisors and monetary authorities to monitor carefully the international interbank market following its explosive growth in the past two years.
The timing of the plan also puzzled Peru's creditors.
"Whistling is an unmistakable sign of the moron," Shaw said.
Four years earlier, my father had come home from work to tell me that the 1963 All Blacks would be training at the Honorary Artillery Company's ground a stone's throw or two from Liverpool Street station.
Belgium, June CPI (up 2.6 per cent on year).
A 2- to 3-cent increase in the gasoline tax, now 17 cents a gallon, is proposed to keep the state's highway construction program on schedule.
But to the practiced eye, and in the right vineyard, it is a godsend.
Although the dinner is not 40 days after the deaths _ the biblical time period between the Resurrection of Jesus and the Ascension _ the meal stems from that tradition, she said.
"I had always wanted to be a test pilot," he says. "It was damned demanding work." How much time did he actually spend in Vietnam?
The film produced widespread criticism and the West Bank commander, Maj. Gen.
That is, for the next three years, they would in total be allowed to grow at no more than the inflation rate.
He gives no indication of the extent to which he has imbibed the need to retain - or to put in place - the totems of the radicals: in particular a tight credit policy and rapid privatisation.
Jorio Dauster, president of the Brazilian Coffee Institute and head of the Brazilian delegation was quoted as saying the differences between the two sides are small and could eventually be solved, analysts said.
Summer Rand left the Sterling Optical division, where he was president, to pursue other interests.
The Dow Jones average of 30 industrials, which lost 3.91 points on Monday, was down another 5.87 at 2,133.71 after the 90 minutes of trading.
Currently, the reservation systems provide all of the equipment and software.
But traders also appeared edgy over the interest-rate outlook, especially if business activity should pick up.
The GNP is the nation's total output of goods and services and its braodest measure of economic health.
London and Tokyo have been getting more of the business in U.S.-listed issues while markets in this country are closed.
They paid the agency $1,000 in registration and placement fees, and advanced the woman's $224 air fare.
The last act, which crowns Il Trovatore as a great melodrama, should exercise a steady, relentless grip, but here it was disappointingly choppy and sectional.
There's not a chair in sight.
"We knew that was coming," pilots spokesman Rick Chapman said. He said the pilots union attorneys would study the motion.
The unusual premium, called a "backwardation," had reached $130 a ton, or 5.8 cents a pound.
Kadar, 76, was removed as Hungarian leader last year and replaced by Karoly Grosz, who has allowed more personal freedoms and political reforms.
On the downside, Pan Am remained unchanged at 5 and Northwest Airlines fell 1 to 103 after Tuesday's announcement that Pan Am is considering buying Northwest.
Legislation to equalise the pension age has been put back a year amid fears of agitation on the back benches.
Robert Gardner, whose family company Gardner & Son Inc. is on Cotton Row, said smaller firms still rely on the exchange for market information.
Orators demanded an emergency meeting in April of the Estonian party's policy-making Central Committee, possibly with Gorbachev in attendance, to halt "bourgeois nationalism" and "counterrevolution," Ms. Saarna said.
He was backed by 58 percent of college-educated respondents, compared with 37 percent of those who have not finished high school.
Bradley won in a landslide.
Pierce refused testify later, citing his constitutional protection against self-incrimination.
Guarded by 6,500 riot police, bulldozers began demolishing iron fences surrounding Sanrizuka Struggle Hall, a two-story prefabricated headquarters built by local farmers and the extremist group Chukakuha, or Middle Core Faction.
A. Here, the Brady commission would like to see stock and futures margin requirements "unified."
Yesterday's incident, which Russian coastguard officials described as 'necessary', suggests Moscow intends to take a tougher line in enforcing its sovereignty.
And since the kidneys produce erythropoietin, patients with kidney failure often develop anemia.
Jimmy Swaggart's first revival outside his home state since he was defrocked in a sex scandal begins tonight, causing painful questions of loyalty for some fellow evangelists.
"I'm very honored and very proud," Miss Jackson told fans jamming sidewalks, standing on cars and leaning out of office windows on Vine Street on Friday.
Sen. Bentsen is instinctively less partisan, more formal and more senatorial.
As in recent sessions, trading opened on a tentative note, with the 100-share index up just 5.5 points, amid near disbelief at the market's virtually unhindered rise in recent weeks.
Bravin said the board would form a task force to study its own composition in reponse to student demands that deaf people comprise a majority of the 20-member panel.
Covering 4 percent of the country, wilderness areas comprise a sampler of the American landscape: Great Gulf and Lost Creek, Mud Swamp and Thunder Ridge.
The effect of the power-driven Machiavellian manager is usually plain to see.' In companies addicted to internal politics, Machiavelli remains the stuff of day-to-day reality.
On the 12-point Soviet scale, a 5-point earthquake is considered capable of shaking buildings, furniture and cracking windows and plaster.
At the base to greet the team were members of their families and co-workers.
The CFTC is up for reauthorization, and congressional committees are ivnestigating what steps, if any, should be taken to make it a more effective agency.
The Pentagon chief provided a hint of the impact on Tuesday in testimony before the Senate Appropriations subcommittee on defense.
'This is Congress responding to the street.' Mr De Leon has been a sharp critic of the powerful Guatemalan security forces for their widespread abuse of human rights.
"If I had only one thing to do over in my life, I would have that baby," Miss Neal says.
Pricing in early May.
Spokesmen for Pacific Gas and its Alberta & Southern unit declined to comment.
The question is whether it has to cost so much.
It is backed by a powerful coalition of cities, construction companies and environmental groups, and contains money for every part of the nation.
More than 500 issues in this medium size range trade on Nasdaq, and they are the stocks institutions often begin to purchase after buying their quotas of the giant ones.
The group, including residents from Washington, Oregon and California, arrived five hours behind schedule because of mechanical troubles, but remained enthusiastic about its mission.
Frank Lorenzo, chairman of Eastern's owner, Texas Air Corp., has predicted a widespread job action by the 3,500 union pilots would drive the airline under.
One can only hope that progress toward peace and democracy continues without serious interruption and at no slower pace than the one we have just witnessed.
Foreign exchange dealers said sentiment toward the dollar was relatively weak, with the market still searching for the currency's bottom level.
Some 161 different jukeboxes in 32 states air locally selected videos on the various local cable systems.
Signs of slow recovery in the fall of 1980 didn't help Carter.
In return Mr Abiola should suspend his threat to form a Lagos-based government. The generals may object: in which case the interim government is exposed as a sham, and Nigeria's prospects are bleak indeed.
The Iraqi official said Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini's acceptance of a cease-fire has destroyed Iran's dream of spreading its version of Islam throughout the region. "This is a watershed between two eras," he said.
The first U.S.-chartered planes arrived Oct. 13 in Abyei, which consists of 12-15 permanent structures and thousands of huts built of sticks and grass.
A spokesman for Credit Lyonnais said that he expected UAF to increase profits by 10 per cent this year.
A number have done so on a case by case, area by area, basis. At the end of 1991 the process of commercialisation was taken a stage further.
Paul Frey (Emperor) sings with true musicianship - a blessing in any Strauss tenor - but somewhat palely and passionlessly.
In the municipal market, a $118 million issue of Birmingham, Ala., general obligation refunding bonds was tentatively priced to yield 6.5% from 1996 to 8% in 2015.
Honduras and Panama will hold presidential elections in 1989. Gen.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold bullion for current delivery settled at $421.30 a troy ounce, $1.10 lower than Monday's close.
Probably gainfully unemployed right now for missing it by a jillion points. But, these things come and go, seriously.
Works like these were cheered by George Bernard Shaw, who during his decades as a sharp-eared music critic spent a lot of time clawing his beard listening to tepid music by the British "Mozart and a little water" school of academic composers.
But for him, Polaroid has always been far more than a business.
"If they don't fill it immediately, then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price."
South Africa insists it is complying with the one-year U.N. plan to end its 74-year rule of Namibia.
The outcome of their "freedom fighting" has been the waste of millions of dollars, as well as a further loss of respect for the U.S. abroad.
Mrs. Makim, the 33-year-old sister of the former Sarah Ferguson, now Britain's Duchess of York, said, "My reputation has been totally vindicated."
And just watch how fast people move if they walk into a silky spider web in the dark.
As part of the plea arrangement, federal prosecutors urged that Helmy serve nearly five years in prison.
But they hope to learn enough from thallium compounds to find more suitable materials that superconduct at still higher temperatures.
President Bush counseled "just be patient" when pressed on why the Soviet Union hadn't joined his call for a resolution authorizing military force against Kuwait.
While the group played "Jumpin' Jack Flash," about 100 policemen searched the gigantic stage structure but found no evidence of explosives.
New car and truck sales are in a tailspin, partly because of sagging consumer confidence, worry about conflict in the Middle East and a slowing economy.
Providing more performing space than any other theatre in Scotland, the stage will be comparable to that of the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden. The auditorium is of exceptional design and gives the theatre its Grade B listed building status.
The rating concern also cited "continued management instability" at the district, uncertainty over future power costs and concern about the district's ability to keep its rates competitive.
Eritrea, the northern province of Ethiopia, is the homeland of some three and a half million people.
Dissenters were defeated at an extraordinary general meeting they held in July which ratified the idea of corporate capital.
The company late Sunday sent pilots a letter telling them to return to work before noon Tuesday or be classified as being on strike.
Earlier this month, First RepublicBank disclosed that it had been forced to seek FDIC assistance after a depositor run on its banks drained it of $1.9 billion in the first two months of the year.
The money is tied up in federal litigation.
De Klerk, who came to power last August, legalized the ANC and released Mandela in February after 27 years in prison, but he has stopped short of supporting black majority rule.
The Air Force and Congress agreed last year to terminate the top secret program, opting instead for satellites that could provide the same intelligence information for less money.
The Eagles "had a hard time getting it in against us and we had a tough time against them.
Sources who have been reliable in the past said the Dalai Lama, exiled god-king of Tibetan Buddhists, had a chance of being chosen, but the ferment in eastern Europe caused speculation that the prize would go a democratic leader in the region.
They were due to expire last year, but will be kept in force until the new investigation is completed, the European Commission said.
Clients include the Swedish distributor of Alfa Romeo and Fiat.
Industry sources say other Canadian producers are expected to take legal action against Pacific Gas.
If it can do this, the island may be able to lay some foundations for a future recovery.
'The first world has a neo-liberal discourse, but it is mercantile-protectionist in practice.' AT THE Suginoi Hotel waitresses busily clean up after the vast number of guests who have eaten at the dinner buffet in the great dining hall.
The Superdome, where the convention was held, itself was a loser.
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange, Lear Siegler closed at $82 a share, down $1.50.
Campaign events are an extraordinarily unreliable guide to election results.
But at least four votes are required to grant such review.
Associate Attorney General Francis A. Keating II said he proposed the idea last fall as a way to discourage drug smugglers from driving loads of cocaine, marijuana and heroin across the border near San Diego.
Except when it's snowing or raining, she and her Shetland pony, Jacky, take to the streets of Hingham to deliver The Patriot Ledger newspaper, published in Quincy.
The actual legal title and asset transfer won't occur until USX settles original financing obligations, which is expected in April 1989.
D.S. Kennedy controls 1,287,030 common shares of Cleveland-Cliffs, assuming the conversion of some preferred stock that it holds.
The critical fact is that the government has put on the brakes.
It is thought to have been a center for pre-Christian and astronomical worship, because the sun rises over a particular stone.
At the Caracol station, the bombers left behind a communique dated Wednesday and signed by "The Extraditables," a group known to carry out bloody acts for the Medellin drug cartel.
Wood then sought workers' compensation benefits from her employer, Laidlaw Transit.
Ten years ago: Actor Steve McQueen died in Juarez, Mexico, at age 50.
Detectives investigating the disappearance of more than Pounds 4m from the Metropolitan Police arrested an accountant on the force's civilian staff.
Japan buys 180,000 barrels a day of crude, accounting for 11 percent of Mexico's total exports in March.
Dr. Borer: I think we understand that.
Union Carbide reported $1.28 billion in sales from its chemicals and plastics businesses, down 15 percent from the first quarter of 1989.
It also said 1987 bonuses were slashed an average of 25 percent to 50 percent, Shearson Lehman Hutton levied cutbacks of between 25 percent and 50 percent in some areas and about 80 percent of Smith Barney's managing directors took pay cuts.
If Mr. Thornburgh wins the Senate election in Pennsylvania, maybe he'll introduce inclusionary-rule legislation.
"They got off criminally cheap," said Melvin Belli, the attorney who represented the interests of about 2,000 plaintiffs before the cases were transferred from U.S. courts to India.
Kramer pulled her over on June 14 for having expired registration tags on her Rolls-Royce.
The consequent charges for using the rail network reduces the attractiveness of investment in rail operations.
But the next occupant of the White House could help determine whether this Caribbean island remains a U.S. commonwealth or becomes the 51st state.
Women who own businesses tend not to support extended maternity leave or flextime, and identify more as employers than as women, notes Prof.
When combined with an additional 641,609 shares sold in a subscription offering, the sale completes First Federal's conversion from a mutual to a stock form of organization.
'Now the thing begins.
"The Commies are our slaves now," said one Chinese merchant who learned his colloquial English from American GI customers during the war. "They need us more than we need them." But the change has not completely satisfied the Chinese.
This led to allegations of insider dealing, which the Stock Exchange is now understood to be investigating.
At the low end of the increases, wages in the transportation sector and communications industry rose just 1.9 percent while wages at hospitals shot up 6.4 percent.
Shorts say his proposal is another attempt to prop up the price.
Help-wanted advertising reached a seven-year high in June, buoyed by economic gains in the Eastern states and the industrial areas of the Midwest.
In part because of a weak dollar, the country's foreign debt has, by one estimate, reached $22 billion.
This had always in my memory resulted in a reference to a person "getting flack" when he was attacked for a decision or a position, just as one would have been harassed over the target in a B-17.
Two F-16A jet fighters crashed while on a night training mission, in the third incident involving Hill Air Force Base jet fighters in one week.
Besides the $83,000 prize for the winner, the two runners-up are to receive $8,300 each.
"What we're seeing is probably just the tip of the iceberg," says Jesse Brill, a securities lawyer with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in San Francisco.
Osteoporosis, a disease caused by the leaching of calcium from bone, strikes 15 to 20 million adults.
Illinois officials, in fact, have a computerized link to this plant that allows them to constantly monitor emissions, and this enforcement case initially focused on air pollution.
The grey-on-pink columns look, at a glance, just as they always do - or, at least, as they have done since the typography was changed a year or so ago.
Under the agreement, which still must be approved by a Sarasota Circuit judge, the Twiggs could seek visitation rights if they are determined to be the biological parents.
Francis, a parish worker, resented his vicar's letters in square white envelopes (though we were not told what those letters said). Perhaps I am lucky, I have usually got on with my superiors.
The company had to extend the deadline and put up more cash itself than it initially intended.
The dry spell is occurring during the critical pod-filling stage of the soybean crop, in which the seeds in the pods develop.
August's spending rise was previously reported as 0.5%.
Turner Publishing, a wholly owned subsidiary of Turner Broadcasting System Inc., puts its first book, a coffee-table volume of Reagan's photographs, on the market next month.
It is financed by premiums paid by Medicare recipients, which are projected to total about $8.6 billion in fiscal 1990.
Glasser agreed to seal the affidavits supporting the government's plans for one week, but let the raid go forward, Newsday said.
We had no connection with it" or with other individual country networks, said one U.S. official.
The total amount of the charge was not available.
The General Accounting Office said the Food Security Act of 1985 was designed to help stabilize the farm economy, enhance U.S. agricultural exports and prevent the buildup of large surplus stocks of commodities.
Fires join accidents among the most common threats to Americans.
Last week, Kohlberg Kravis launched a $90-a-share tender offer for Atlanta-based Nabisco that is contingent upon approval by the company's board.
The political conflict is intensifying the deep ethnic rivalries that have existed since the country was united in 1918.
To avoid distracting from the 1992 program, the community has agreed on a three-phase plan to draw the former territory of East Germany and its 16 million citizens into the trading bloc.
"We also believe that GenCorp's board has an obligation to present any alternative transaction it may propose to the GenCorp shareholders in an environment permitting any other offerer, including ourselves, to compete."
The official Xinhua news agency said Monday that Zhao left Sunday by special train for Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, on a goodwill visit.
The satellite settled into an orbit reaching 11,000 miles high.
Israel established the six- to 10-mile wide security zone in 1985 when it withdrew the bulk of its army from south Lebanon after a three-year occupation.
Some states now end the right to sue after an arbitrary number of years even if the injury could not have been detected during that period.
The oxygen mixes with a kerosene-like propellant to power the spacecraft.
The firm adds that "most people are staying."
The range of borrowers has widened to include private sector corporate names as well as sovereign borrowers and public sector companies.
They will tell black voters that Bush is no different than Reagan, a president who never got more than 10 percent support from blacks.
The marquis is alleged to have later committed suicide.
OPEC hopes to use a cease-fire between Iraq and Iran as the foundation for resolving several of its problems, including runaway production.
How does "Prizzi's Honor" relate to "Moulin Rouge"?
The scandal was a blow for Chancellor Helmut Kohl and his coalition government.
Nevertheless, many developers are still targeting the trade-up market.
Protests from Georgia nationalists also provided the Chautauquans with a chance to see "glasnost" in action.
Byers said the oil market also got a boost Monday by a report shoing daily oil production among the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries declined to 19.4 million from 20.2 million barrels.
The market is going to stick on Monday, absolutely.
"We'll let you gamble there as high as you've got the nerve," Wynn promised.
He said only 22 per cent of the planned budget for disarmament had been received. At the same time, the Ministry of Energy and Heating has claimed that supplies of heating fuel for winter are in an 'extraordinarily bad' situation.
"We can't just 'microwave' jeans anymore; we have to cook them," jokes a Lee trouble-shooter who hustles from one laundry to the next.
It argued, however, that the technology used 'has been accepted worldwide by pilots.
The picture that emerges from all of this is one of the SEC as an ineffective, highly politicized agency that wastes a tremendous amount of resources in turf-grabbing.
A lawyer for Bellshire United Methodist Church said the church had turned down the carillon to 50 percent of its power and was preparing to move its speakers higher on the steeple to further reduce the sound.
There is some concern on Wall Street that the figures will cast doubts on the belief that the Federal Reserve is beginning to succeed in its effort to restrain inflation.
"Expectations that the United States will make a further move to relax its monetary policy no longer are affecting the Tokyo market because it has been expected for quite some time already," Ikeda said.
Two preferred shareholders, with a combined stake of 34.9% in Allis-Chalmers Corp.'s $5.875 convertible preferred stock Series C outstanding, said they asked for a seat on the company's board.
"While the risk is small, there is some risk and the risk is real," said AIDS researcher Dr. Robert Klein, co-author of an editorial accompanying the two studies.
Unlike Hospital Corp., Charter Medical has performed well in recent years, its results reflecting its greater reliance on psychiatric hospitals than on general care hospitals.
One of the State Department's most experienced Latin America hands is in line to become ambassador to the Organization of American States as part of an administration effort to revitalize that institution, according to U.S. officials.
What's kakko ii today, of course, can be passe tomorrow. Tennis was all the rage in the mid-1980s, when young women slung rackets over their shoulders purely for show as they walked around Tokyo.
The suit also alleged that Mr. Zimmerman, who formerly was Pic 'N' Save's chairman, wrongfully induced some Pic 'N' Save employees to work for Pay'n Save.
This is true for Lane Kirkland." With the acknowledgement of Dukakis' win-to-come _ but still without a formal endorsement _ Jackson still appeared a little bitter that his path-breaking efforts did not result in victory.
Current investment fads have pros and cons, of course.
"I'd sure term them (the auto talks) somewhat disappointing," said one big steelmaker's sales chief.
Delmed has about 42.3 million common shares outstanding.
Only a fraction of the 90 million travelers who entered Canada last year were checked for narcotics and few drug shipments were intercepted, said Arthur Lewis, head of enforcement at Canada Customs.
"Sesame Street" has a new character, a baby girl named Gabriela, thanks to help from the rarely cooperative Oscar the Grouch.
But not the farmers.
The tornado never came, but when dawn arrived, it was a shock to see so much devastation, including my own house in ruins.
Mernick began joint operation of Heritage USA, which includes a hotel and theme park, with bankruptcy trustee M.C. "Red" Benton on Feb. 13, but has yet to close on the sale.
"The whole state's pretty much blanketed in fog," Doug Young, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, said Saturday morning.
There is pessimism, too, about whether the stock market will develop smoothly.
HGP-30 is a synthetic copy of a protein that is part of the internal structure of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), which causes AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
The ensuing publicity cut into Samurai sales and resulted in several lawsuits.
Iraq reported 10 civilians killed and 22 wounded.
A number of British citizens crossed the Kuwait-Saudi border on Friday night.
Saddam has said he will free all Westerners held in Iraq and Kuwait between Christmas and March 15.
These will be sold, or money borrowed, to participate in new privatisation issues as they come up. Up to 20 per cent of the fund will be invested in former Warsaw pact countries, and up to 20 per cent in the UK.
The Wagners have delivered an estimated 4,500 to 5,000 babies, Bob says.
Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices.
The company's ratio of debt to total capitalization would leap to 70% from 29% if the restructuring goes through, according to Phua K. Young, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton.
His enemies are at the gates, perhaps within them, and he can't dither too much longer before casting his lot.
"I had always talked about wanting to run broadcast properties on my own someday," said Mr. Eskridge, who had management experience in both radio and television in his nearly 20 years with NBC.
He was one of four men who have been shot by the so-called "Zodiac" gunman since March.
Those which file late and do not pay the penalties swiftly will be passed on to a private debt collector.
The flap is the latest of several since the opening Monday of early national labor contract negotiations between the No. 3 automaker and the UAW.
Congress imposed the sanctions because of South Africa's policy of racial discrimination against its non-white majority, overriding a veto by President Reagan in the process.
The Indians complain that the white authorities won't maintain their cricket ground.
Members of the bistate rail commission were impressed by the train during a visit to Germany in March, but questioned whether the technology was in place to build such an ambitious project.
"Our armed forces will close in an iron rank against those who try to challenge us and will make Iraq and Kuwait a grave yard for those who launch any aggression," the Iraqi statement said.
"I think all generic advertising is probably a waste of money," says Thomas Pollock, chairman of MCA Inc.'s Motion Picture Group.
" He called on his supporters to help restore calm.
"We expect more to come as Christmas and New Year approach," Lt.
There is no guarantee that the money would flow to the project, which would eventually cost at least $5.4 billion.
Union leader George McDonald thanked Murdoch for the $3 million.
The newspaper telephones Mr Ardouin.
One is a military officer who telephoned Hong Kong Thursday morning from Beijing, and the other is a businessman, based in Hong Kong, who says he has extensive contacts within the Chinese military.
And they had real dreams about getting out of the Depression.
Mr Will Whitehorn, corporate affairs director at the Virgin Group, says his company's central London store is selling 35,000 medium-priced titles.
Overall, the volume of stock and bond offerings in the U.S. in the first half rose 13% to $163 billion.
The company also cited anticipated start-up costs at its Liberty, S.C., plant, and the loss of sales to the first quarter because of heavy sales promotion programs.
Sterling asset growth for both banks and building societies remains stunted by recession.
But if they can't pass on subsequent tries, they will be locked out of prestigious jobs.
While the report, with its vacuous martial metaphors, proved a useful tool for school superintendents across America eager to fatten their budgets, little lasting change has taken place.
But now a different danger begins.
American Healthcare Management Inc. said it completed the sale of two hospitals for $10.6 million in cash and $10 million in secured notes, and reached definitive agreements to sell three more.
Telxon and MSI have long been bitter rivals, with suits pending against each other for the last three years.
At the referee's whistle, Illinois and teams from Michigan State, Texas A&M and North and South Dakota state universities move in around several dozen half-ton sides of beef swinging from hooks near the ceiling of the cavelike cooler.
In addition, the Bank of England recently revealed that it has admonished some of London's leading investment banks for carelessness in their choice and promotion of clients.
There's nothing comic about the situations portrayed in the comic books.
We've set into _ into forward motion certain reviews that are on _ moving towards completion.
Instead, the company depends on nuclear power plants for about three-fourths of its energy needs.
Trading in the shares starts on November 15. The trust will aim to match broadly both changes in the capital value of the index and its gross dividend yield by investing in 300 or more of the 1,000 companies which constitute the index.
The FAA said baggage destined for the United States aboard U.S. carriers will be given first priority for the London machine.
Federal courts have upheld the treaties in rulings dating to 1983 in the case initiated by the Chippewa.
"I will see probably 100 new toy lines each year.
If the stock is held at least 12 months, the appreciation gets favorable capital-gains treatment.
A Christiana spokesman said that the real-estate investment and management concern has insurance coverage that will pay part of any award arising from the litigation, which involved the company's Christiana Community Builders subsidiary.
The Bundesbank is also in an excellent position to resist the imposition of Emu by a German government that has been seriously weakened by its past policy errors.
After the younger Biaggi was cleared of the racketeering counts, he walked across the courtroom and hugged and kissed his father.
Mrs. Allen was once one of Alabama's most popular politicians. She was auditor from 1967 to 1975 and treasurer from 1975 to 1978, when she ran afoul of the law.
Carl Vuono arrived at Wilford Hall Medical Center, one of two large military hospitals here that since Wednesday have received more than 200 men injured in the Panama invasion, the largest influx of casualties since the Vietnam War.
Ms. Jones, 37, was arrested Saturday at the home of a friend, entertainer Chris Stanley, police said Monday.
The officer, who asked not to be identified, said the victims had been shot to death and then burned earlier in the week.
First, some discouraged workers have simply stopped looking for jobs, and therefore no longer count among the unemployed.
"I propose we join together to help the poor and homeless children," he said.
About that time, Elizabeth gave birth, and Zechariah suddenly could speak again, predicting a pivotal place for his new son, named John.
They contend elections have been part of a U.S.-imposed counterinsurgency project to provide a facade of democratic civilian rule over an edifice of military repression.
Maybe because it's 3 o'clock in the morning for me right now, I can feel that way.
The house was purchased with government funds.
It's estimated that as much as $8 billion could be raised this way.
Sir John said the board accepted it had been guilty of that and had stopped allocations under the unpublished categories. It is the third successive year that the NAO has commented on the board's accounts.
Volumes would be relatively small, so it would not make sense to manufacture it themselves.
In each case, Apollo arms itself beforehand with a commanding position in the company's defaulted bonds or bank debt, snapped up at a big discount to face value.
In January, the firm captured 41% of a two-year auction and, on Tuesday, 21% of a four-year auction.
There are two main reasons for that.
In theory, higher Japanese interest rates should attract money to the yen and cause the Japanese currency to strengthen, but currency dealers said the rate change already had been taken into account before the announcement.
She sings Waller's "Keepin' Out of Mischief Now" in her show.
Romano had earlier said the Navy killings were not connected to the pawnshop shooting in which clerk Julie Michaels, 32, was killed and her 35-year-old brother critically wounded.
Lord Nicholas Bethell, a British member of the European Parliament, turned over a copy of the list to officials of the insurgents' Afghan government-in-exile in Pakistan.
And now he's taking down names.
In Cairo, the favorite activity is a trip to al-Hussein, a bustling district of mosques and shops.
"When we started the program, there was a lot of advertising, enthusiasm and backing," she said. "Now, there's no advertising support for female apparel.
Opponents also point out that the late Hirohito, the new emperor's father, renounced his divinity in 1946.
"The addition of TNT to our already successful lineup of basic cable networks has lifted our quarterly operating profit to an all-time high," said Turner, chairman of TBS.
Jackson said his candidacy has helped build racial tolerance.
The CEO of a giant electronics company, renowned for his outspoken impatience, became annoyed at a marketing presentation.
In part, the answer may be that Santa Fe has counted on using proceeds from the sale of some assets to pay for its planned stock buy-backs and may have been reluctant to make major stock purchases without completing those sales.
Charter One Financial Inc. said it completed the merger of Western Reserve Savings Bank, Cleveland, and First Federal Savings of Akron with its subsidiary, First Federal Savings Bank.
Later, he told Bowen: "You're timing was excellent.
The east side is predominately white, middle to upper class, the home of Sarah Lawrence College; it borders the wealthy towns of Scarsdale and Bronxville.
The company had announced several months ago that one of the two plants would close.
Exchanges began making their own fixes well before the first study went to the printers.
Things aren't really terrible on Wall Street, but they are when compared with the glorious bull market of the previous five years.
The White House expressed frustration with stalled budget talks and prodded Democrats today to come up with their own plan to reduce the $169 billion federal deficit.
While KKR's $90-a-share offer is $15 a share more than the RJR-Shearson group's, KKR officials badly want Mr. Johnson's management team to join them to continue guiding RJR.
But that's down 26.2% from Merrill's 1989 fee income.
The notes are convertible into common stock at $34.58 a share, representing a 12% conversion premium over today's closing price.
Assets in money funds have lately climbed to new highs, surpassing $280 billion.
Despite the losses, Columbia hasn't been taken over by regulators, although a takeover is considered likely.
Tommy stood back and laughed.
I was usually on the sparsely populated liberal side of the internal debates surrounding these cases, and during the brief period when our government service overlapped, I usually found that Judge Bork was my ally.
"They figure they're losing," he says.
Industrial Bank of Japan fell Y10 to Y3,290 and Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank lost Y30 to Y1,980. Retailers rose on prospects of a boost in private consumption because of an income tax cut scheduled next month.
A 2 1/4-point drop by International Business Machines alone shaved about 4 points off the index.
It's too sensitive, and it's not the role for the United States to do that.
"Our training is three weeks, whereas the Brazilian is nine, and we are not as survival-oriented," says William Ormsbee, a spokesman at U.S. Southern Command in Panama.
Standard & Poor's Corp. said it raised, to single-B-minus from triple-C-plus, about $46 million of this New York radio-broadcasting company's subordinated debt.
Repeated phone calls seeking comment from representatives of the flight attendants were not returned.
Spain has other demands that are more reasonable, such as an increase in its own voting weight to equal that of the other big countries, and a right for Spanish fishermen to fish in Norwegian waters when Norway joins.
Italy, West Germany and France banned imports.
They doubt their Soviet counterparts understand it very well, either.
The March hydrological outlook, usually an annual report on potential for spring flooding from snowmelt, this year is more a chronicle of missing snow and dry soil conditions.
Mr Earnshaw characterises the standard local system manager as the site accountant.
This child is guileless enough to be appalled by the war for which he is the pretext, yet canny enough to stay the hand of a determined assassin.
Schlueter, whose coalition includes the Liberals and Social Liberals, called the vote to settle a minor dispute with the main opposition Social Democrats on economic policy and taxes.
Apart from that, Sheik Hasina and Khaleda Zia share little except a dogged determination to oust President Hussain Muhammad Ershad, the ninth president in 19 years and like all his predecessors, installed by military might.
The 41-nation body estimated total inventories of cocoa at the end of the 1989-90 (October-September) season at 1.391 million tons.
The other provision would permit export of 70,000 barrels daily of petroleum products from the refinery at Valdez, Alaska, and any new refineries that are constructed in the state.
But in just a few perfect shades and fabrics, they were so well constructed that the fashion world took notice.
Other species include the redear, or shellcracker; the warmouth; the rock bass; the green sunfish; the redbreast; and the longear sunfish or pumpkinseed.
In addition, sales of savings bonds to the public and special nonmarketable securities to state and local governments would stop.
Mrs. Palme identified Pettersson in court as the man she saw standing a few feet away immediately after he husband fell with a fatal gunshot wound.
Jack Gravely, president of the state National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, said today that his group supports the basic findings and conclusion of the report.
Colgate's operating profit climbed 25% to $52.3 million, with European operations showing the greatest strength.
The entertainer collapsed backstage Wednesday while starring in a one-night performance of the vaudeville-style musical before a Peoria Civic Center Crowd of about 2,000 people.
The spokesman said the militia will evacuate some 400 fighters, 40 tanks and 50 armored personnel carriers from Beirut's Christian sector.
1990 1st qtr.
In February it unveiled a redesign and slimming of its HQ which was so limited - just 10 per cent - that it drew catcalls from investors in the City of London.
Once the injuction is enforced "they won't have to wait."
At most, it may have made them confident. Letchkov owned up after the match that he had advised his coach beforehand that Thomas Hassler was the German to watch.
Acting Prime Minister Salim Hoss, a Sunni Moslem, endorsed the demand.
Deputy Secretary Peter Myers said no legislation to carry out the CCC proposal would be sent to Congress at this time.
He was considered West Germany's most eligible bachelor when, in 1980, he married Countess Gloria von Schoenburg zu Glauchau und Waldenburg, who was 22 years old at the time.
The NABJ objected to what it said was the derisive tone and terminology used by NBC anchorman Tom Brokaw and reporter Robert Hager in a 1988 obituary on Max Robinson, the first black network TV anchorman and a founder of NABJ.
When major U.S. aid programs began with the Marshall Plan for western Europe after World War II, the bulk of the money was in grants.
Rafsanjani, 55, who also is the armed forces commander-in-chief, has served as speaker for the past eight years.
The main evidence for this proposition seemed to be that 'there is a lot of criticism coming from western Europe, but I don't see or hear it coming from Asia'. Mr Christopher should listen more carefully.
The Defense Ministry announcement said the farmer reservists have three days from Dec. 17 to report in or be listed as deserters.
Amsterdam shares closed mostly lower and were narrowly mixed in Brussels.
But the military mission quickly encountered trouble when its crew unsuccessfully tried to activate tape recorders for collecting data.
The interim dividend is maintained at 2.25p. COMMENT Times remain tough for Ellis & Everard and, despite a glimmer of hope in the US, it is difficult to see much recovery flowing through to the results until well into next financial year.
But, suddenly, it becomes apparent that one of Jorge's pawns will queen.
In return, the Audio/Video group agreed to terminate its tender offer for Cyclops.
A foundation poster shows a map of Brazil with an outline of the Atlantic forest as it existed in 1500, with the words, in Portuguese, "I Used to Be Like This."
Students at the Normal University and other schools in northwest Beijing's university district said the campuses had little of the holiday atmosphere of past National Days.
His comment is more in line with the mood of a growing number of today's East Germans.
Resigning Fed governor Seger complains about the "sub-par wages" of the $115,300-a-year job.
The Hibernia oil field was discovered almost 10 years ago but its development has been delayed by depressed oil prices and jurisdictional quarrels between the federal and Newfoundland governments.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Republic Waste shares closed at $10.75, down 62.5 cents a share.
But we don't see how it would help.
Walkouts also were averted in 1984, the last bargaining session.
They said the house shook and there was a sound like thunder. "We thought it was an earthquake," they told authorities.
Many stocks didn't trade for a lack of buy orders, and prices were off in all sectors.
The story is introduced by eye-catching graphics of the pointing finger accompanied by a specially produced rock theme song with "Shame, shame, shame, shame on you" lyrics.
The Rev. Barbara Harris, with the voices of dissidents overwhelmed by cheers from thousands of fellow Episcopalians, on Saturday became the first woman elevated to bishop in a 2,000-year succession dating back to the apostles.
The two banks agreed to merge in 1983, at which time Bank of New York said it would pay 1.85 times the book value.
"We are talking to third parties about buying Murray Ohio and other options" including a recapitalization, he said.
These cases are big and they are complex. Justice often requires a number of defendants and a number of charges.' Mr Staple did not reject out of hand the introduction of some form of plea bargaining in serious fraud cases.
Analysts like Thompson even see repackagers branching into other products to market through physicians offices' _ weight loss programs that include diet food, behavior modification tapes and other materials.
The significance will be a serious reduction in the number of workers from the territories," Magen said on Israel radio.
The panel convicted Mulheren, 41, on four counts of conspiracy and securities fraud, which carry the same penalty.
'I absolutely recognise the case for having fresh air brought into the Bank,' he said, in a tone that implied the case had been made to him fairly forcibly. Just how much will change in the Bank as the new team takes charge is not clear.
In over-the-counter trading yesterday, Braniff was bid at $3.50 a share.
On March 31, Working Woman magazine, in cooperation with Jeep and Goodyear, will open its own mall tour.
The Bush administration is preparing what some White House officials call a "slash and burn" budget to meet next year's tough target without raising taxes.
"It could be a pilot, but there are a few other steps," said Loggia. "We might do a movie-of-the-week on Mancuso.
The subcommittee also said it has "preliminary information" that two other generic drug makers "may have made misrepresentations" to obtain FDA clearance for diazepam, the generic version of Valium, also used for epilepsy.
The July 16 earthquake killed more than 1,600 people, injured more than 3,000 and destroyed the homes of 90,000 people in the northern Philippines.
Whether Mr. Jacobs or GAF makes a tender offer for the company, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Bere see similarities with the attempted takeover of Goodyear.
Broadcasters, on the other hand, still are paying for last year's writers' strike, but they should get a boost later from a big rebound in television-ad sales.
Full convertibility isn't likely until the mid-1990s, economists say.
This isn't the first time that the unit has been shut down because of equipment problems.
The next thing I knew his car had hit the wall." Chafin said the race is normally run at about 10 mph and that Hagewood was going faster than that.
Mr. Hosenball reports from Washington for the London Sunday Times.
When the snow begins to fall _ and an average of 100 inches fall here each winter _ warm water from the city's power plant will be pumped through a grid of plastic pipes underneath downtown streets and sidewalks, melting the snow and ice.
Zurich authorities also indefinitely extended the freeze on assets believed to be linked to Mr. Marcos and his associates.
Under this dumping complaint, there's no provision to prevent a company from simply importing the entire computer.
And although few taste buds are sensitive enough to tell the difference, some beer drinkers say that non-draft beers can taste slightly "cooked" because they're pasteurized.
The school that once expelled novelist Cathie Pelletier for "radicalism" is ready to salute her tonight as an outstanding alumna.
Torstar has since raised its stake to 22.3%.
It has extensive property interests in the United States.
The stock market, meanwhile, has jumped 18% since Jan. 1.
According to testimony, Salcido began the killing frenzy after a night of bar-hopping.
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters.
If looking too feminine or sexy isn't likely to advance one's career, neither is looking too cute.
People don't view the environmental issue in very partisan terms.
Despite making more arrests than most of the male officers in her precinct, she was being "terminated" without warning.
Ms. Bhutto and Gandhi are to hold a joint news conference Monday morning before Gandhi's return to India.
Without it, "nothing would have happened and all the existing hostages would be in the same hopeless situation as before."
They said the funds will go toward developing the C$155 million mine in Canada's Northwest Territories.
The contract with Nymex "will assist Sabine in achieving its goal of making the Henry Hub the premier location for trading natural gas in the United States," said Jagjit S. Yadav of Houston, president of the pipeline company.
It said some people in debt try to go into hiding or commit suicide rather than consult with someone.
Despite the study's harsh conclusions, alcoholic beverage companies show no sign of changing their ways.
That pushed the average past its previous post-crash closing high of 2,660.66, reached on Monday.
But the airline industry has little alternative.
And the company's incoming orders fell in the quarter to $285 million from $305 million a year ago.
"Low inflation is good for all the markets.
They're now the audience's." Here are Broadway's new and current shows. Ticket supply as of June 3 is indicated as Difficult or Available. Credit card holders can order tickets by phone or by calling Telecharge, Teletron or Ticketron.
In Amarillo, Gov. Clements sent depositors running for their money after he predicted that the beleaguered FSLIC insurance fund wouldn't fully back deposits.
But as long as the economy remains resilient, the bond market will remain in a slump, and that could be for quite a while."
The companies all say they will invest when conditions are right.
South Africa reportedly provided $5 million a year to the islands, including $2 million to finance the presidential guard.
He said both men were well despite being chained and blindfolded.
The biggest previous California jackpot, $25.4 million, was split by two players in October.
Manufacturing is adding jobs, he adds but the gains in the service sector are "modest by past standards." The major labor pains are occuring at the state and local government levels.
Now his plans to shape the PC industry are all-encompassing.
Of the men reporting sex in the previous year, 3 percent said their partners included males and another 6 percent didn't answer the question.
Ornakian and the others reckon that the money they make from each trip _ the equivalent in Lebanese pounds of about $250 _ is worth the chance.
But the outlook remains bleak for the next several months, the analysts said, because rising unit labor costs will exacerbate the already unfavorable position most U.S. manufacturers find themselves in in world markets.
Carter, who arrived from Egypt, was due to meet President Hafez Assad before going to Jordan on Friday.
Robin, in green tights, is recreated by Tyrone Quinn, in real life Ms. Baxter's boyfriend.
The dollar traded as high as 1.5950 marks in Asia and Europe on Wednesday in a continuation of this week's short-covering rally, said Peter Iversen, a trader at Shawmut Bank in Boston.
Even fans of Mr. Wilson's more familiar semi-verbal epic mode will not find what they're expecting.
There are 364 days left in the year.
AVERAGE 3.0% 2.8% NOTE: These estimates of gross national product are seasonally adjusted annual rates, after adjusting for inflation.
A mistrial was declared in January after a prosecutor withheld evidence, albeit unintentionally.
Peruto said Heidnik was insane and was mentally ill when he committed the crimes between November 1986 and March 1987.
The high temperature Thursday in the Lower 48 states was 106 degrees in Borrego Springs, Calif.
Bankers have accused Venezuela of being intransigent in its demands.
Retailers' sales gained 0.7 percent.
Mr. Bowman and his family sold their stock in the Greenville, Texas, S&L in 1983 shortly after he became commissioner.
The condition is characterized by "hyperactive" or "imbalanced" control of certain nervous-system responses, Wald said.
Founded in 1975, Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is the worldwide leader in software for personal computers.
The head of a Temple University group that advocates "white pride" says the organization isn't racist, but was formed to balance the "pro-minority" stance taken by school officials.
Mr. Shin's The Palace in Honolulu attracted a clientele considerably down the social ladder.
The trade embargo against South Africa has cost America's hardpressed coal export industry about $250 million during the past three years, according to a study.
He said it was unusual for rebels to attack his denomination's churches.
Tapes show that the co-pilot on an Air Florida jet that crashed in a snowstorm in Washington, D.C., in 1982 raised questions about the amount of slush on the wings before takeoff.
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega pledged in the agreement last month to free political prisoners, hold early elections, allow opposition parties access to the media and repatriate the Contras.
The Triumphant Bore runs until the end of August and is sponsored by James Howden & Company. August is your last chance to see the Firle Van Dyck currently on loan to the National Gallery.
Control Data Corp. is believed seeking a buyer for an operation that services rival makers' computer equipment in the U.S.
Youths set tires ablaze at the entrance to Gaza City.
Others, like Collender, say a deficit difference of a few billion dollars in a $5 trillion economy is relatively harmless.
Racal and ACM were initial offerings.
"We had our fights.
The scandal forced Kanemaru's mentor, Noboru Takeshita, to resign as prime minister and sidelined most candidates for the succession.
Mr. Mulheren said he often inflated brokerage bills paid to others who had also done him favors.
The prime rate rise followed an increase Thursday in the Bank of Canada's bank rate to 13.77%, its highest level in more than seven years, from 13.61%.
The man's name was withheld because two other gang members were being sought, Sgt. Danny Sneed said Sunday.
The verdict makes Patino the first defendant in the case to be cleared of all charges.
Volume came to 308.1 million shares at midday, compared with 330.4 million shares at the same time Wednesday.
The resulting tax is compared with the taxpayer's regular tax liability, after certain credits.
On a good day, when the skips are full and the site managers generous, he makes about Pounds 10. 'Gun metal is the best - you get good prices for that.
Some of these incidents are presented sharply enough to prompt me and other audience members to laughter or tears. But elsewhere to yawns.
Laws in the bank's home country should govern the offering of services across borders.
Mr Malcolm Barr, international economist at Chemical Bank in London, commented: 'This only added to the markets' nervousness because it was seen as a sign of the depths of the crisis.
At least 5,000 people have been killed in the campaign by Sinhalese ultranationalists.
Along the way, they plan to build 120 homes for needy families.
The 1981 figures are in 1987 dollars, adjusted for inflation.
Iraq-bound shipments, allegedly containing components of an Iraqi "super gun," have been seized in Britain, Greece, Turkey and Italy.
The group includes Lawrence D. Altschul of Cleveland and James J. Apostolakis of New York.
The 31 defendants in custody sat or stood in three cages in the courtroom, a renovated exhibition hall.
That prompted a slowdown in construction plans, the layoff of about 60 employees earlier in the year and general belt tightening.
"Everybody knows about George Washington Carver and peanuts," Ms. Worthy said, referring to the work done at Tuskegee University in Alabama.
Retired U.S. Border Patrol agent Don Daniels says one faction finally forced the other out of Palomas, a town of about 8,000 people, and six or seven people were killed.
Mr. Baker said he had a difference of opinion with Arthur Brien, Pannell Kerr's managing partner, on how to run the firm, but he declined to elaborate.
They were opposed by Caspar Weinberger and Mr. Shultz in what amounted to nothing more than an old-fashioned policy struggle.
In order to build a series of hydroelectric dams, Turkey today cut the flow of the Eurphrates River to Syria and Iraq in a move that could cause problems for the two arid nations over the next month.
Flooding caused by torrential rain has left 20,000 people homeless in Zambia's capital, Lusaka, a ruling party official said today.
Oliveri said later he found nothing offensive about the bare bottom of the Coppertone girl, which is displayed on a billboard eight blocks away.
The exhibition is at the Tate Gallery through April 22, at the Paris Grand Palais May 17 through July 23 and at the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art Sept. 6 through Dec. 2.
While current restrictions on incoming capital will remain in force, bankers said the proposed reforms may attract into Taiwan new funds from foreign institutions wishing to ride the current stock-market boom.
Water has been rationed in the communities and residents have been traveling as far as 30 miles to bring in drinking water, Ms. Gordon said.
"There is no level playing field with the phone companies and their massive capital base.
In 1973, former President Johnson died at his Texas ranch at age 64.
Thousands of men, women and children stood along the road from the airport to the Eden Garden stadium, which was decorated with welcome arches and buntings.
The phrase "Don't put me in the news" is one that Gomez used frequently with colleagues when he didn't want them to do a story on him.
The government failed to sell a bank, a cement producer and a steel company because the bids were either too low or no offer was made. The government hopes to earn Es200bn from the sale of state-owned companies this year.
The problems can be compounded because mistakes happen so quickly and irrevocably with computers.
Both companies once sold only house brands, but decided recently to add name-brand goods to compete more effectively with specialty stores and discounters stealing market share.
Moreover, this relationship holds at least as far back as 1940.
Meanwhile, Mr. Levy is consulting for a new software magazine and an electronic music start-up, and writing a book about his eight years at Activision.
He contends the Big Board is mounting "a very carefully planned effort to steal the Chicago futures market."
There, they sat on beds, intrigued by the small television sets at the side.
Asked whether he had any advice for syndicated columnist Carl Rowan, who shot and wounded a teenage intruder in his back yard earlier this week, Bush said: "No, I don't have any advice for him.
Pregnancy is riskier for older women than young ones.
As the poorest member state when it joined in 1986, Portugal has received massive EC aid.
Irving had maintained that the merger would be anti-competitive because Bank of New York and Irving each are among the top processors of certain types of securities transactions.
The step also helps budget writers meet deficit-reduction targets for 1990 by shifting the $850 million out of fiscal 1990, which begins on Oct. 1, and into the current fiscal year.
In addition, the committee could provide some explicit regulatory exemptions for transactions involving certain types of businesses.
In all, Potter had been sentenced to 55 years in prison in both states and served fewer than 20 years.
The declaration was a first in the history of the magazine.
The decline was particularly sharp among banks, which have been leaders in adding women to their boards.
After voicing his complaints to various people at General Electric recently, Mr. De Michele received a call last week from Michael Carpenter, Kidder Peabody president and chief executive officer.
Underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets priced the 8 7/8% notes at 99.871 to yield 8.9%, or 0.78 percentage point more than the Treasury's seven-year note.
Many of the film's sequences are shown from her point of view.
At the other end of the life cycle is "Dad," Gary David Goldberg's adaptation of the William Wharton novel.
The Energy Department recently admitted that the plant has released at least 300,000 pounds of radioactive uranium dust into the atmosphere during its 37 years of operation.
The loud, rattling sound of the last gobble and the hissing noise of dragging wing tips told him the tom was close.
Just live, you'll suffer." Singer Mickey Gilley, whose earthy Texas nightclub was the focus of the movie "Urban Cowboy," hasn't set foot in the honky-tonk for two years.
"We'll implement the recommendations as soon as possible," he said.
Volume came to 568 million shares compared with 551.7 million shares.
Also, consumption of a luxury product like chocolate can't be expanded too far, he said.
Heller, based in Chicago and owned by Japan's Fuji Bank Ltd., is one of the biggest factoring firms in the retail business.
He made clear he was talking about others, not himself.
These include so-called 'funds at Lloyd's' (deposits, personal reserves and special reserves) and other members' assets. The net assets of the central fund increased to Pounds 1.15bn from Pounds 445m.
Three dogs who accompanied a 3-year-old boy on a "pretend" fishing trip probably saved the child's life when he was lost in a forest for two days and nights, an emergency room physician said.
Subacius' account of Landsbergis' comments differed markedly from a report given by the Soviet Union's official Tass news agency.
With proper maintenance, there is no reason they couldn't last another 50 years.
"Please don't execute him, please," she said at a news conference at the press center in east Beirut's Jedeideh area.
In his speech broadcast on Panamanian radio and television, Endara said he would continue to work in coming days, despite his fast.
He makes an estimated $2.5 million annually.
It was 'a coming home rather than a conversion'.
Tandem Computers Inc. said it agreed in principle to acquire closely held Atalla Corp., San Jose, Calif.
Police said the fire was arson, but no arrests have been made.
We are against any military action that targets civilians, whatever form it may take and whatever the results of such actions.
It is about 1,800 miles east of Moscow and north of Mongolia.
Now, only Union Bank of Switzerland retains a triple-A rating from all three rating agencies.
He quits in order to start a new life, but before he can say "litigation," he's become entangled with a beautiful woman (Roxanne Hart) who asks him to defend her estranged husband.
Market-research firms say systems integration is a $20 billion-a-year market that is growing some 20% annually.
Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd., a Hong Kong investment firm, said it raised its stake in Everest & Jennings International, a Los Angeles-based medical-equipment maker, to the equivalent of 26.51% of the Class A common shares outstanding.
But as the dust settled across the Cotton Belt, traders realized just how much cotton had been planted-the largest crop since the 1930s and the second largest in U.S. history.
"They are more concerned about retaining power and control because with power comes all sorts of benefits." The trade ministry estimates that more than 100 of the total 10,000 ventures involving foreign investment in the country have been closed.
But looking for Western Europe to make the conventional-force improvements that all candidates agree are necessary is hardly a sure-fire route to success, as the Europeans have been notoriously reluctant to increase defense spending significantly.
The Pittsburgh company was assured that the information would remain "privileged" because it was either private work product or the result of Westinghouse's relationship with its lawyers.
But that replaces only a fraction of the capital sucked out by losses since the late 1980s.
Congress has been flooded with mail from older Americans with higher incomes who now must pay a surtax of up to $800 this year for federal insurance against costs of catastrophic illness.
Heating oil also finished higher in futures trading while gasoline softened.
He is expected to appeal.
As the participants gathered, news reports quoted non-Communist guerrilla commanders as saying they suffered major battlefield losses at the hands of the Phnom Penh army.
No charges were filed because of lack of evidence, it quoted the sources as saying.
The sharp erosion of corporate credit quality in recent years eased in 1987, with most of the improvement coming in the industrial sector, according to Standard & Poor's Corp.
But Names in hardship would benefit in a number of ways.
A prominent Soviet adviser warned the Kremlin less than a month after Soviet troops entered Afghanistan that the action would derail efforts to curb the arms race, he said in a letter published today.
As for monetary policy, the German central bank recently has shown a willingness to lower interest rates to fight the fall of the dollar.
On the ground level, every job BT does has to be planned, and resources allocated in a strict order.
But why the Peronist resurgence?
Micron Technology Inc., rebutting official contentions in Tokyo that Japan's microchip makers are complying with the Semiconductor Trade Agreement, produced evidence purporting to show that Japanese chip dumping continues in Southeast Asia.
The total of the two sums marked only a 1.3% decline from a year earlier, as world trade in diamonds fell 6%, strengthening Antwerp's position as a trading center.
The diplomats refused to describe it as a prisoner exchange, but hinted that Moscow was prepared to help lobby for the release of some rebel prisoners held by Afghan Communists.
Moscow Chamber Opera's singing-actors were wonderfully communicative in their varied roles, maintaining a well-blended ensemble without conductor or accompaniment.
These naturalistic settings make a big difference.
Houston's population climbed from just over 2m in 1970 to 3.9m in 1990, making it the US's fourth most populous city.
Moore said he was not suggesting there is anything wrong with conditions in Japanese zoos but that Australia was probably the only country with veterinary surgeons skilled in the treatment of koalas.
Even the government's own inquiry concluded that the melee began with stones thrown at police on Temple Mount, not at Jews near the wall, which also is called the Western Wall because it forms the western base of Temple Mount.
The contract with these unions also expires Monday.
News of the Stanford experiment was to be released Sept. 23 to coincide with formal publication of the full scientific details in Science, the weekly journal.
Benetton's stock fell L356 to L10,432, making an 8 per cent fall since Tuesday. Mr Fossati's departure highlights Benetton's difficulties in retaining top managers.
Leaves have turned brown and fallen off the beloved 65-foot tree since a potent herbicide was poured at its base in what police said was an attempt by a 45-year-old farm-supply salesman to cast a spell or a curse.
Lithuania declared independence on March 11. Since then, the other 14 republics have also declared some form of independence or autonomy from the central government.
'I have always wanted to raise Jordan above the level of the belly dancers and camel caravans to a more cultural and educational type of tourism.
"The drug will have a phenomenal impact on the practice of medicine and the treatment of heart attacks," says Dr. Borer, the advisory panel's chairman.
"Hosie is a dedicated civil-rights worker.
"It looks like a serious revolt," said one police officer who spoke on condition of anonymity.
In emergencies, a fax machine can be used to make a copy.
"We must decide whether to maintain a go-it-alone position," appellate Judge Frank Easterbrook wrote in Tuesday's ruling.
Bus workers in Cornwall have voted for the third successive time to strike over pay.
The New York Court of Appeals, the state's highest court, said Hernandez was not the victim of unlawful racial bias because the prosecutor made his decision on a non-discriminatory basis.
The king has refused to join Egypt, Syria and other Arab states that have sent troops _ even if they are primarily token contingents _ to join the Western buildup in Saudi Arabia against Iraq.
In 1953, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a 1922 ruling that Major League baseball did not come within the scope of federal antitrust laws.
BTR said new contracts at Continental PET contributed to the advance. However, operating profits in Asia were flat, at ADollars 117.3m against ADollars 118.6m.
A Primerica spokeswoman declined to comment.
Net income for the year adjusted for extraordinary tax effects due to IPO costs rose 50 percent to DEM 4.2 million (1997: 2.8).
As a play, Karate Billy Comes Home at the Royal Court's Theatre Upstairs, which is where The Maiden also began, is not in the same league, but it is broadly the same genre.
A police recruit who collapsed from heat stroke and dehydration Sept. 19 on the first day of boot camp-like training at an academy in Agawam has died, officials said today.
It said the two airlines should include other partners in the new company.
But Mr. Heimann would like to see an agreed-upon set of banking and capital-markets standards that would have equal application across borders.
It said the military commander of Azerbaijan's capital vowed his troops were ready to stop further attacks.
But he noted that the IOC has no control over those two sports.
Daniel, 8, likes his school and Stefanie, 5, has new friends.
On Tuesday, the Iranians were chased out of the Zubaidat region, losing their last positions in southern Iraq.
She overslept, and they were hurrying to London's Gatwick Airport, when he pulled over to make the call.
Atalanta/Sosnoff holds more than two million Primerica shares, bought at about $34 on average.
The Congress of South African Trade Unions (Cosatu) yesterday re-elected incumbent general secretary Mr Sam Shilowa and pledged to strengthen its formal political alliance with the African National Congress and the South African Communist party.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange's key index fell more than 3 percent today in its third biggest single-day dive ever and worst since the worldwide stock market crash in October 1987.
Relatives of American and British hostages held in Lebanon lit candles Sunday night to honor the captives and appeal for their release.
Many funeral homes offer grief counseling.
Operating income climbed 62 percent to $373 million for the quarter and 39 percent for the fiscal year to $1.2 billion.
Rawlins said Peary's secret document reveals "he was somewhat short and a good distance to the right," of the North Pole.
Its shares slid from 82p to 70p.
"I think the answer will continue to be negative as long as the situation isn't clarified, and maybe we never will," he added.
According to Monday's report by the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the long positions held against the March futures contract totaled 386.4 million as of Feb. 28.
Only the gas stations, which carry its logo, are privately owned concessions.
Sales of wines and spirits fell to FFr6.9bn to FFr7.45bn, reflecting the depressed state of the champagne market.
Ben Yaacov said the committee wanted to make its announcement at the West Bank settlement of Kiryat Arba, but settlement leaders withdrew permission for such a move under government pressure.
A similar vigil also was held in Washington, D.C., this week.
Some thrift economists took heart that the numbers are no longer worsening.
Most imports from developing countries (including the countries of central Europe) will be duty and quota free by July 1996. Let us see the Community come even close to this.
Be that as it may, the withdrawal ultimately may turn out to be the best thing for both countries.
The new authorities are set to start in April 1996. The decision came as opposition to the Local Government Commission's reforms built up rapidly among Conservative MPs, especially in the Yorkshire region and the West Country.
Clay said in his opening monologue. "That's about all I can say tonight.
Suddenly viewers saw Betty White on the screen again, but this time playing herself and promoting Tyco toy blocks for children.
In 1988, loans reached about $1.7 billion, 10 percent of total bank lending.
In the past three years, ethnic clashes have left as many as 700 people dead in this city of 9 million, Pakistan's largest.
The court agreed to close an adjoining press area, but rejected her demand that she testify behind closed doors.
The arrest sparked a diplomatic protest from the Mexican government.
The rooms do provide vistas of much of the city and, not by accident, the new government offices of the Soviet Union, once North Korea's staunchest ally.
Several analysts cut per-share estimates to the $6.20-$6.30 range from a consensus of $6.40.
Mr. Gorman says the changes were meant to unclog bureaucracy.
"The Creator put things in motion and did it beautifully.
But Mr Browne said it would only do so with experienced partners. The projected growth in oil production was likely to be accompanied by further cuts in costs.
The agency's proposal of the maximum increase underlines its concern about bank failures, especially as the economy appears to be heading into a recession.
While he is keen to improve training for young people, he says industrialists should not sit on their hands while their businesses suffer through what he decribes as a breakdown of law and order.
Volvo North America Corp. has agreed to buy into Hertz Corp., becoming the second auto maker to take an equity stake in the rental-car concern.
He's ruled out a presidential bid in 1992.
Three-quarters of those carrying the AIDS virus will develop either the fatal disease or an AIDS-related condition within six years of infection, University of California scientists reported Friday.
He can afford to tolerate more instability than his opponents could have.
June 1990 - Najibullah called the first congress of his communist political party in a quarter-century.
Foreign Secretary Douglas Hurd told the House of Commons that a maximum of 50,000 key people in Hong Kong's public and private sector would be given full British citizenship, along with their families.
Dealers will watch both meetings for a change in direction for the dollar.
The reports followed separate investigations by the two chambers into the December crash of the Dona Paz and an oil tanker.
In October, the official budget for 1989 allocated $32 billion for the military, the same figure that had been used the previous year.
Mecham was removed less than a week after his family announced the Mecham Pontiac dealership, which he has owned since 1950, was being sold because of declining sales his son blamed on an "avalanche" of bad publicity.
The five Fendi sisters, owners of the Italian fur company that licensed the rights for the fragrance.
When Nagano offered a Mahler Ninth with the LSO a few years ago, however, it was a precocious triumph of musicianship, and plainly of respectful, assiduous attention to what the likes of Horenstein and Bruno Walter made of the score.
What almost swamped Lazard was the acquisition earlier in 1988 of major parts of Kuhns Brothers & Laidlaw Inc., a New York-based securities firm with strengths in the institutional stock business that Lazard lacked.
Polaroid's retrenchment plan, announced July 12, was widely seen as an anti-takeover measure, and analysts said Wednesday the timing of the Shamrock offer suggested it was the trigger for the Polaroid changes.
The Iowa left its home port of Norfolk, Va., on June 8 for a six-month deployment in the Mediterranean.
Ms. Bhutto's latest proposal came at the start of a two-day meeting which is meant to set the stage for a December summit of the association's leaders, probably in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
Some Lunetten resident claim they were never officially demobilized from the Dutch army and are owed 38 years' back pay by the Dutch government.
Yet they were unable to defeat the Soviet-supplied Sandinistas.
"We will immediately begin pursuing a federal warrant for unlawful flight," Johnson said. "He is from the Bahamas, he has family there." If Darville is found in the Bahamas, extradition could be a lengthy process, Johnson said.
Although the commission sent the all-terrain vehicle case to Justice early this year, the department still hasn't said whether it will handle the matter.
He scheduled another hearing for Wednesday when, the judge said, "We'll let it all hang out." Moody's attorneys argued that the intense publicity over the bombs probe has hurt Moody's reputation.
So far, HUD has taken no action, Mr. Abrams said.
Massey recalled that when Tasnadi was about to take his citizenship test in 1968, "Charlie was a nervous wreck.
The steep, testing, Bellevarde Face downhill above Val d'Isere contained so many tight turns that most racers reduced their ski lengths by up to 8 cm simply to get through the gates.
Critics of the nuclear shutdown also say dirty, fossil-fuel energy that replaces atomic power will threaten Sweden's pristine forests and hundreds of thousands of clear lakes.
The new deal "increases LIN's financial flexibility as we move ahead with the development of the nationwide seamless cellular network," said Craig O. McCaw, chairman and chief executive of both LIN and McCaw Cellular.
Throughout, he was as attentive and sympathetic as could be.
But its poor showing means the federal agency will keep a closer watch on the plant until the end of the year and then decide whether to allow it to continue to operate or shut it down.
The federal Environmental Protection Agency intends to monitor South Carolina's ban on hazardous wastes from 32 states and Puerto Rico to determine its effects on the state's own hazardous waste program.
It's scary," said extension agent Judee Wargo in Montana's Liberty County, where rainfall since October has measured 0.73 inch, compared with an average 3.17 inches for the period.
Palestinians also have lost international sympathy by supporting Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in the gulf crisis.
The trustee, Milbank Tweed partner Francis Musselman, said all but two dozen of Finley Kumble's 284 partners have pledged contributions toward the firm's huge debt.
Approval of past actions isn't blanket approval of all future actions." One factor that could shape congressional attitudes in the future could be the cost of the operation.
Harlan Coben, senior vice president of Club ABC Tours of Union, N.J., said he was unaware that the group was forced out of its reservations.
A Turkish airline strike delays personnel movement.
Arnold said he and Barr want out of the "loony bin" that passes for their life in Los Angeles.
He said they were taken to the Mansour Amelia hotel, and over the days other hostages "disapperared one-by-one out to strategic sites." After about a week, the Swankes were taken to a strategic site in Mosul, about 240 miles north of Baghdad.
Public Service Company of New Mexico laid off 656 employees Tuesday, or 15.9 percent of its workforce, in the latest cutbacks under a major cost-cutting program.
The government also announced that it has scrapped tariffs that were imposed on various products last year in retaliation for a U.S. decision to set a 35% levy on imports of wood shakes and shingles from Canada.
I don't see this wall: `I'll do anything as an actress, but I won't express sexuality.'
Congress has lifted its requirement that cities meet those standards until the end of August.
"We have them on the drawing board and we still don't have congressional approval even to move forward," he said.
If white male SIDS babies were, for some reason, dying younger than other SIDS babies, their "years of potential life lost" _ before 65 _ would thus be higher, Becerra explained.
He also asked the House Armed Services Committee to investigate the situation.
It goes in for lots of inspiring photographs and plenty of uplifting aphorisms, all homing in on the wondrous benefits of simplicity. Anybody who is anybody in design circles has a go.
"No world leader has done more than President Gorbachev to de-escalate the arms race and pave the way for greater democracy and economic freedom around the world," Mrs. King said.
The daughter said she told the troops no men were home, but they entered anyway.
Platinum tumbled to $565 an ounce at the close in Zurich, down from Wednesday's close of $600 an ounce and the session high of $601.
It might not have been necessary for Marc Rich to lodge an alternative defence on the merits on October 1988, but the pleading made it abundantly clear that the primary purpose of the document was to challenge the jurisdiction.
Anglo American Corp., which owns the mine, gave no reason for the fighting, but it appeared to be black faction fighting.
Last season was highlighted by major revivals of Shakespeare's "Othello," directed by Trevor Nunn, and Henrik Ibsen's "The Master Builder," starring John Wood.
The exact deal that ended the ordeal in Algeria is not known. But Arab diplomats have said the hostges slipped away after surrendering the Boeing 747 and the remaining captives Wednesday.
Mr. Shah predicts Royce's sales will amount to "$10 to $15 million for the first 12 months" after approval.
With an eye on new markets in the Midwest and West, Saks Fifth Avenue will spend $300 million over five years to modernize and expand, the retail fashion chain said.
Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., Cleveland, said it had reached an agreement in principle to settle bankruptcy claims against Wheeling Pittsburgh Steel Corp.
Midway had held talks until at least June with Northwest about some type of investment or purchase.
In exchange for its maritime concession, Canadian sources said Canada reclaimed its right to provide postal subsidies to Canadian magazines.
Reading is by candlelight.
Seventy percent of the investment came from the European Community.
We Americans make no secret of our belief in freedom.
Peru is also studying the Chilean model as it puts its own privatisation programme into gear.
Expectations for a deeper trade deficit will keep downward pressure on the dollar for the rest of the week, traders said.
But Steven A. Wood, economist for BankAmerica Capital Markets Group in San Francisco, said there was substantial interest by domestic buyers as well.
Termite tunnels snaked up the walls and into the wooden beams holding up the roof.
D.A. Gledhill, chairman, attributed the improved performance to good results from 50%-owned Cathay Pacific Airways Ltd., the completion of a number of property development projects and higher profit at the company's trading division.
The three clergymen said they did not specifically discuss sanctions with Bush, but do hope to have further talks with his administration.
Longview Fibre continued its ascent, rising 2 1/2 to 54 1/2.
In exchange for new restrictions, the Biden bill would require states to provide lawyers who meet federal competence standards at every stage of the criminal process.
A first printing of 15,000 sold out quickly; a second printing is in the works.
Poland, she argued, needs political stability to persevere with tight fiscal and monetary policies and retain foreign financial support.
Still, he plans to write a book about his career.
In the process of rediscovering its past and trying to define what makes itself special, Taiwan faces the future full of uncertainty. In one sense this is nothing new for the people of Taiwan.
(The defendants have denied any wrongdoing.) The suit's outcome may have enormous implications for some small companies.
Klevenhagen said medical staff members at the jail were continuing to screen about 3,200 inmates who said their medical histories include ailments, like immune system problems, that make them more susceptible to the infection.
"The respective boards are working on a new concept for Kloeckner and many of the details are still unsettled," said a Deutsche Bank official.
"I was inwardly shaken as I listened to his Polonaise."
Boston still had a thin, transparent layer of haze Monday, said weather service meteorologist Tom Emerson.
A 4-ton, 15-year-old female elephant used for paid rides at the Southwest Florida Fair at Fort Myers broke loose from a petting zoo, tore through a crowded midway and plunged into a lake while carrying three terrified riders, one of them 4 years old.
Another Henson asset is merchandising potential.
"There's no telling what may happen in the future.
He is the Conservatives' ace. What is surprising is that Labour failed to prepare itself for all this.
"We lose money on those trades," says a Wall Street executive.
Health Minister Benjamin Valdez on Friday called on both sides in the nation's 9-year-old civil war to respect an unofficial truce as they have on previous vaccination days.
Gov. Bob Martinez is expected to sign the measure into law this week.
Mahdi finally complied and swore in his new Cabinet on Saturday.
The burgeoning growth of trading in Standard & Poor's 500 stock-index futures at the Merc has at times strained price-reporting methods and the exchange's ability to police all several hundred traders in the S&P 500 pit, according to exchange members.
The balance on investment earnings shifted into a surplus of $2.46 billion, reflecting improved earnings by Americans on their overseas investments.
But defense orders dropped 3.9 percent to $7.4 billion after jumping 18.3 percent in February.
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion "establishment" meetings, of which I have attended many.
Although OPEC agreed to increase its production ceiling by one million barrels to 20.5 million barrels of crude oil a day, it didn't address the issue of its quota system.
They would have to increase their capital to 6 percent of assets, double the current standard.
Removal of the warheads from the missiles was completed one week ago, officials said, and additional rocket parts are to be removed from the site within the next two days.
Libya has said it suspects the United States, Israel and West Germany are behind last Wednesday's fire at a Libyan plant that allegedly produced poison gas.
His political position remained in doubt. Amid chaotic scenes at Westminster, Mr Major stunned the Commons by appearing to suggest under parliamentary privilege that the Harrods chief sought some form of arrangement with the government.
Last year, Schering-Plough completed the sale of its European cosmetic businesses and divested a majority interest in its Brazilian affiliate.
The controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced.
While the current list price is $650 a metric ton, the actual selling price to customers is about $530 a ton, Adler said.
Shane's battlefield is the second grade in the Sawmill School in Tewksbury, N.J. Like many schools pushed by upwardly mobile parents, Sawmill has toughened up.
Barros said the only sign in Ms. Cardoso de Mello's favor was that her dismissal would be seen as a confession the president's economic austerity policies had failed.
He got it and I disappeared." She went to Paris, where she stayed until 1940, when Hitler's armies approached.
The Bank of England did not take up offers in the early round, if any were made, forcing the overnight rate as high as 11 1/2 per cent at one stage.
And there can be no surer sign of our sympathy than paying Summit Books, a subsidiary of Simon & Schuster Consumer Group, for a book by Paul Fussell, the University of Pennsylvania's Donald T. Regan professor of English.
More than half of the respondents expect business to expand over the next six months, while only 13% see further weakness.
To address the labor shortages, Ms. McCarthy said she believed the industry must create, preserve and expand educational opportunities for people interested in pursuing health-care careers.
Intelligent Networks, the London-based computer systems integrator, is using Amstrad colour laptops for its design and implementation of the new Tokyo Sugar Exchange network.
In Margaret Atwood's The Robber Bride it is the return from the dead of a she-devil to haunt the lives of three middle aged women.
The LDP and the SDP remain the first and second largest parties respectively. Yet the framework in which they operate has shifted irreversibly.
"We're responding to what they found was necessary.
The old orthodox Keynesian fiscal stimulus certainly has not been at work, certainly not in Lord Keynes's back yard.
"We think the exempt-organizations branch of the IRS has discriminated against the church and individual Scientologists," said church spokeswoman Sylvia Stanard.
Several Wall Street firms had big losses in May when the price plummeted on a specific type of collateralized mortgage obligation called the "Z Tranche."
Even so, chill-fresh dishes conceived in central kitchens for network distribution tend to fall flat.
Some Hunt family members, who are in hot water with some of the nation's biggest banks for defaulting on loans, want to become lenders themselves.
Ambitious gardeners have even been known to hot-bed their Michaelmas daisies.
By last year, the researchers had 35 families under study.
One large trading adviser tells how position limits hurt his clients in the 1988 bull market in grains and soybeans. The firm bought the maximum amount of soybean futures, 2,400 contracts, in December 1987.
Every play kicked up a cloud of dust, and the women panted and puffed in the 90-degree heat.
Geist said jobs were cut from operations across the state and from all levels of the company, including 30 percent reductions in the corporate office.
No ROTC program has been removed from a campus as a result of the opposition.
"You can't have a news conference to say 'Gee, (OPEC) production is down,' when King Fahd just announced he will be giving discounts" to sell more oil, Mr. Higby said.
Some fuel contracts increased more than one cent a gallon.
"This farm-state governor is madder than hell to be asked to pay for this," GOP Gov. Terry Branstad of Iowa said of the thrift bailout.
The victim's mother, Jeanne Quinn, said a couple holding a sign reading "Ritalin Killed Shaun, Not Rod" came to her door, asked for her and offered pamphlets on the dangers of Ritalin.
Predictably, when confronted with morally dubious behavior, prosecutors will exploit the latitude such openended statutes give them.
Officials said they expect the deal can be completed in early 1989.
The seemingly relentless price slide drove coffee below $1.18 late last week.
Lewis Hanford Kessler Jr. of Ypsilanti, Mich., believes in "a/the Sun God" and travels annually to the tropics for "worship and prayer."
He was the author of numerous books and articles on medical, scientific and social subjects.
Has the decline been sudden or over a period of time?
Royalties and other income from books fell outside the new income limits.
As a remedy, the report recommends consolidating the futures, options and stock markets under one regulatory body, which Mr. Katzenbach says should be the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Park Service spent about 10 years collecting these, searching for subjects by taking out small ads in the AARP Bulletin and similar publications.
Hollowing out the fan blade, for instance, enabled GE to cut the weight of that part and its attachment by 20%.
Initial production, testing and "de-bugging" of the assembly line should take place about May 1989.
Incidentally, "Wish You Were Here" may hold the record for the most executive producers of a sitcom.
The country has manufacturers of 'world-class standard' and 150m-200m people capable of buying 'world-class goods'.
But the weekend consumer traffic shows why many American manufacturers are worried.
Tokyo and London stocks also declined.
If he belongs to a club, he is most likely to be a member of the Royal Automobile Club or the Middlesex Cricket Club. The analysis of British directors shows an apparently unchanged group in spite of the social forces of the past decade.
A Swedish appeals court today rejected a request for immediate release by a suspect accused of killing Prime Minister Olof Palme.
That means insurers will likely wind up with a bigger bill than the $350 million paid out for that quake, Crocker said.
"I think it's presumptuous of you to know how it turns out.
Although he refused to say whether he would hire Malek in a Bush administration, the vice president expressed confidence in him.
With today's global capital markets, however, an increase in American saving could flow into investments abroad if returns are higher there.
Maluf, a wealthy businessman and former governor, was discreetly backed by Collor.
"It's controversial as to when they should go back into the prisons," she added. "Going back is important to recover the feeling of being in control of your life." Some never go back.
Another member of the group, Mikhail Istomin, disappeared the same day, and Pyotr Zaytsev disappeared Sept. 22, she said.
Posgate was cleared by a Lloyds disciplinary committee in 1984, which found he was not involved in an agreement to use money taken from his syndicate to buy the bank. But he was arrested on similar charges in 1987.
This myth endured for years, despite litigation, scholarly study and government review that showed there wasn't any military need for the evacuation.
Newspapers reported, without quoting sources, that Talvela died of a heart attack shortly after dancing with his newly married youngest daughter.
We are accused of corruption and self-enrichment at the expense of the people," Honecker said. "But Margot and I have nothing to reproach ourselves with.
But such follies usually bring a day of reckoning.
In addition, the industry is expected to report a total 5% decline in shipments for the first quarter because of the doubling of the federal excise tax on beer.
Many of the macroeconomic beliefs of bond traders are discredited Keynesian notions.
Mr Zhu Zhen-yuan of the Chinese embassy in Singapore says Singapore's investments in China in the first six months of 1992 totalled Dollars 494m (Pounds 325m) against a total of Dollars 896m for the entire 1979-91 period.
Four Soviet army officers flew here from Leningrad Sunday to observe winter maneuvers by North Atlantic Treaty Organization forces, the allied press information center reported.
After serving in the Pacific providing protection for aircraft carriers, the Iowa was decommissioned in 1949.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, the June contract for West Texas Intermediate, the benchmark grade of U.S. crude, fell 16 cents to settle at $18.87 a 42-gallon barrel, after losing 56 cents Wednesday.
The poll, conducted by the Minneapolis Star Tribune on Feb. 15-20, found 49 percent of the 701 Minnesota adults surveyed believed Mondale would defeat Boschwitz in a head-to-head race. Forty percent said they thought Boschwitz would win.
It only takes a few seconds from time you see the headwall and you're halfway down, and before you know it, it's all over.
In Ulsan today, Hyundai car workers, armed with clubs and metal pipes, guarded the main gate of their plant.
The filing said Entwistle bought the Anaren stock for investment purposes and may buy more shares in the future.
But more than seven in 10 of those interviewed called the federal government's "zero tolerance" program "not very important" or "not important," the Journal said.
A mule deer peered from a thicket.
Analysts said a scheduled sale to China of 500,000 metric tons of soft red wheat for October delivery fell through yesterday.
Thomas C. Theobald, the former Citicorp vice chairman, was named Continental chairman and chief executive officer a little more than a year ago and promptly decided to jettison the consumer business.
However, Sun doesn't have a workstation with the same capabilities as the new Apollo product.
Passable cheaper versions can be found at Thomas Burberry, Marks and Spencer and The Gap. Margaret Howell also scores well with her understated, relaxed shirts in cotton or linen.
Working at Nomura still was far from prestigious.
Next was enabling staff to make best use of their skills and improve performance. IDS Top Pay Unit Review 142.
No one expects the Japanese to duplicate that feat over the next 10 years.
The agency also will issue booklets targeted at acute-care facilities, dental offices, and emergency-care personnel and long-term care facilities.
Business inventories climbed in May for the 17th consecutive month, the government said, but sales also rose strongly, easing economists' worries that too many goods are accumulating on shelves and back lots.
Americans overwhelmingly favor maintaining or increasing the federal budget for space exploration, even while three in 10 doubt NASA's competence, a Media General-Associated Press poll has found.
"This is one of those events our operators are trained to deal with on simulators," he said. "This was a textbook example of how to react." Mullen said it was too soon to predict the cost of repairs, which could take weeks.
The onset of AIDS in people with mild infections of the HIV virus can be delayed with early treatment of AZT and makes it "almost a whole new drug," a leading researcher said.
The title song in Lady remains as irresistible as ever - almost impossible to get out of your head.
Senate Republicans are expected to introduce amendments to raise the funding level for Star Wars, formally known as the Strategic Defense Initiative, to at least something closer to the authorization total.
The group paid 9.9 pence a share for the part of the previous fiscal year following its privatization.
Mortgage & Asset-Backed Securities Mortgage securities wound up the shortened session as much as 1/8 lower.
Evans and Jackson said the challenge would be to re-assemble the coalition that elected Washington.
De Klerk says he is committed to ending discrimination, but major apartheid laws, including measures providing for segregated neighborhoods and schools, remain in force.
Several other tornadoes were reported in the area.
They said President Reagan hasn't resolved longstanding rivalries among the CIA, the NSA, the Pentagon and the State Department that have frustrated efforts to develop comprehensive security plans in Moscow and elsewhere.
Four days later, she buried her fully formed stillborn daughter.
The plan envisions spending at least $244 billion over the next 21 years, with $32 billion is earmarked for cleaning up environmental damage.
The Scenic Air Tours Hawaii plane slammed into an 1,800-foot high wall Sunday afternoon at the back of Waipio Valley.
Negative numbers indicate returns should move inversely, while 0 indicates there's no particular pattern.
Also included in the quarterly and 26-week results are net reserves of $4 million and $48.8 million, respectively, as a result of uncertainties regarding recoverability of advances.
Two cell blocks, the main dining hall, gymnasium, greenhouse and auditorium are still gutted and only half of the education building is usable.
Mr Hood said he expected the group to have no borrowings at the end of the current year.
Wang Laboratories Inc. unveiled a new midrange minicomputer line, the VS 8000 series, to replace its VS 7000 line.
A range of arms control issues were on the agenda as well as laying the groundwork for a superpower summit meeting between Bush and Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev at a yet-to-be-decided time.
The information gathered by the Atlantis crew will be compared with data being collected at the same time and over the same areas by nearly identical sensors aboard three older U.S. satellites.
At a forum sponsored by the Progressive Policy Institute, six Republican consultants, analysts and political scientists said strains within their party, notably on abortion, may send some voter blocs away mad.
Only the flow of a corporation's income and loss will show up on individual tax returns, along with wages, salaries, rents, and so forth.
But NEC and Fujitsu have come up short so far in the U.S. market for switches used by telephone companies.
Some of the recent problems besetting the Bush campaign: _He unintentionally handed Jesse Jackson a new issue with his characterization of the Democrat as "the hustler from Chicago" in a speech to a GOP audience in Nebraska.
Total orders for the first eight months of the year have averaged $217.7 billion a month, 7.8 percent higher than a year ago.
Such alternatives include, among other things, the sale of the company to a third party, a recapitalization, and a repurchase of stock.
"It was just a big boom.
But the momentum is building up and we are moving in the right direction,' he added.
Roger Cawthra, 44, is accused of firing the shot that hit the luggage compartment of a Greyhound bus carrying 19 passengers.
"The major restructuring actions Control Data carried out in 1989 have helped to focus the company and improve its opportunity for success in 1990 and beyond," Perlman said.
He has embarked on yet another of his international lobbying marathons for the needed funds.
For the first time since last October's stock market crash, more Americans see a strong economy instead of a weak one in the year ahead, a University of Michigan survey found.
I will soon be able to exercise a share option in my name which will be subject to CGT.
On the right, details of a rescue operation for the U.S. Farm Credit System.
And many will not overcome that fear to better protect themselves.
I don't think it's our error, though." Neither the boy nor his family has a copy of his birth certificate.
Lebanese legislators wrangled today over a peace plan for their war-plagued country and appeared unable to agree on ending Syria's military presence in their country.
Last year, European authorities seized 15,400 pounds of cocaine, and nobody knows how much entered the continent undetected.
The representatives agreed to seek the release of all hostages by March 1 and to establish permanent relations between the Azerbaijani Popular Front and the Armenian National Movement.
Now, it has joined MCA Home Video in an "E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" rebate deal with promotional displays for a $5 payback in more than 60,000 stores. There's a slick TV commercial, and a potential Pepsi cost of $55 million.
The fickle weather at the Florida launch site has been a persistent problem, forcing numerous delays and postponements of previous shuttle launches.
This is golf immobiliere, golf to sell houses.' With his tongue not too far into his cheek he says enthusiastically: 'The world is full of people waiting for Vidauban.
The glaring instance where a Japanese concern is considered to have overpaid was Bridgestone's acquisition of Firestone.
The operator, Thomas Connor, fled the control tower after the January 1988 accident in Chester, Pa., and later tested positive for marijuana and small traces of cocaine and methamphetamine.
He is perhaps best known for his definitive introduction to Thomas Hobbes' "Leviathan."
High unemployment and a zero wage round have dampened consumer demand so far this year. Spain's official currency reserves rose by Dollars 89.50m in August from July, according to provisional figures released by the Bank of Spain yesterday.
Kerry Packer, Australia's richest man, and Sir Ronald Brierley, a millionaire New Zealand investor, already have made a joint run at Bell Resources and been bought out by Bond Corp. at a large profit.
Venezuela's market share began drying up.
The Post's Mr. Kaiser said Ms. Boustany had been asked to find out how to contact only one juror after the trial had ended.
Sparks also reportedly predicted 1988 corn plantings at 66.8 million acres compared to last year's 65.7 million.
PRECIOUS METALS: Plunging oil prices and concerns about the stock market's weakness depressed prices.
Of those who took the hormone tablets, 60% said their appetite and food intake improved while only about 40% of those who took the placebo reported such improvements, the researchers reported in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
Isabelle blushes, but she keeps her shirt on.
Female visitors to the park outnumbered males nearly 2-to-1 last year.
Asda and Gateway, which started the pricing turbulence last year, may now be appreciating the relative price stability.
Monoclonal said it is "taking steps to minimize the effect of the injunction," by redesigning major products such as its OvuStick ovulation test and Advance pregnancy test to avoid infringement of the Hybritech patent.
Mr. Wilder, who is inching toward a presidential campaign himself, speaks of "fiscal realism" and a "new mainstream."
The company, based in Houston, has interests in real estate and construction and is a distributor of air-conditioning on a wholesale basis.
When top Republican strategist John Sears was sounded out a year ago about running the campaign, he warned that Mr. Dole needed to offer voters a strong sense of where he wanted to lead the country.
The FBI has not ruled out that possibility, Geiman said.
My favourite slug and snail killer is the admirable Growing Success which is both organic and lethal. You may prefer to give a Bosbag at Pounds 8.39 on the grounds that it sounds like your horticulture partner anyway.
Mack's stock closed down $1.25 at $6.25 per share on the over-the-counter market Friday.
Soil moisture deficits - that is, the amount of moisture in that part of the soil to which crop roots can penetrate compared to what they require for optimum growth - are already high and increasing.
Volume totaled 14.96 million shares after the first 30 minutes of trading.
Spokesmen said the trucks are particularly needed to get crops to market and provide transportation to medical facilities.
"There were no distress calls or reports of overdue boats last night," Dewell said.
Those factors, he said, were the popularity of zero-coupon Treasury bonds and long-maturity municipal bonds.
Since its creation in late 1985, FADA has spent $22 million on a staff that has grown to more than 380, $3 million of that for the 1987 salaries of its 32 top officials, the report said.
'There is no reason why we should not get back these supporters next time,' he said.
CARPENTERS UNION in New York is sued for alleged ties to organized crime.
Since taking over, Noriega has deposed three presidents; he installed the current president, Manuel Solis Palma, in February last year.
But it was not a felony.
Inc., a unit of GenCorp Inc., don't have to pay an estimated $150 million for a hazardous waste cleanup at an Aerojet plant.
The rain developed ahead of a cold front pushing across Oklahoma and Texas.
A McDonnell Douglas spokesman said the contract calls for the company to build and launch the seven vehicles over a three-year period.
However, with companies slow to implement use the sort of painful measures taken by Japan's western counterparts - notably in relation to workforce levels - any earnings recovery may take longer than most Japanese executives hope.
The Arizona Corporation Commission, which filed the case against Century Power, says that if the FERC accepts the judge's recommendation, Century could be liable to pay between $60 million and $80 million to Tucson Electric.
Midwestern banking companies led the pack for the fourth consecutive quarter in both average return on assets and return on equity.
The sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the food aid to the Site 2 camp inside the Thai border had been decreased by nearly 20 percent following disclosures that refugees were selling or otherwise diverting the food to the military.
Still to be resolved when the talks resume Jan. 11 is the problem of definitions _ the descriptions of some arms categories.
Net hard-currency reserves fell below zero at the beginning of this year, down from $870 million at the end of 1986.
We readily admit that this will not be easy to accomplish.
Its display windows are crammed with sculpted piles of FTs.
Officials' ideas for circumventing these legally - by so-called Mexican trusts, for example - have yet to bear fruit. But there is still plenty of local money waiting to get into the market when the time is right.
Gates had insisted the signal told him to proceed.
But as the nation prepares to redraw hundreds of congressional seats and thousands of seats in state legislatures, it's time voters woke up.
Mr. Dolan has it utterly backwards.
On average, pensioners' real incomes increased by more than a third between 1979 and 1988.
The Corporate Conservation Council, an arm of the National Wildlife Federation, gave $300,000 to help business schools at Boston University, Loyola University of New Orleans and the University of Minnesota craft environmental management curricula.
Squadrons of four soldiers at a time shoot at the screen with M-16 rifles, which are rigged to simulate gunshots.
In trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday, Bank of Nova Scotia closed at 15.25 dollars, down 37.5 cents on volume of 1.2 million shares.
Schrock said he might ask the judge to review the case in a month or two.
We're not going to have any trouble at all." The Soviet Union is considering a plan to outfit a nuclear-powered spacecraft with three or four reactors in a two-year manned mission to Mars, a Soviet scientist said.
Once the group arrived in Baghdad, Cathell said he learned the PLO leader was in town and broached the possibility of a meeting with the congressional aides.
He succeeds Charles A. Anderson, 58, former general manager of the Fort Worth division who was put in charge of the A-12 just last July.
The wails of the Cassandras, however, were inaudible amid the 'Syd-ney, Syd-ney' chants last night.
And what research was he doing? It seemed clear already, Mr Seabrook said, that no new resources would be made available by the government to implement any recommendations.
"So everything we have is either yellow or blue," she said.
A number has not been announced.
No indication of the cost of the shares in the new companies was given when details of the restructuring were announced Friday.
The provision, called the "two-time-losers" amendment by its supporters, apparently was aimed at preventing Texas Air Corp.
In 1990, Dollars 124.5bn in syndicated bank credits were recorded. The sharp drop in bank lending reflects growing anxiety about credit quality internationally, the OECD said.
But seven states since have dissolved the orders or let them lapse, according to Allen Finkelson, a New York lawyer representing Grand Met.
More than 1 million black workers and students stayed home today as a nationwide general strike moved into its third and final day.
I want her in a regular classroom with trainable, mentally handicapped children just like her.
Civil libertarians questioned the appropriateness of the sentence but a criminal law scholar said it probably did not violate Suber's rights.
For that person, the prospect is "onward and upward," he declares.
Debevoise agreed to recommend that Rough serve his sentence, beginning Oct. 16, at Eglin Air Force Base in Florida, a minimum security prison camp.
The cardinal was an observer to the negotiations that resulted in peace terms signed in the southern border town of Sapoa.
The government is unable to do very much, beyond blather.
He says an RCA executive ordered the car reference dropped because it might offend executives at Hertz Corp., which RCA then owned.
Unlike big financial companies of Western nations, which spend millions of dollars on advertisements calculated to project images of prudence and sobriety, Japan's banks, securities brokers and insurance companies like to keep things light.
Mr. Brady has said he thought government agencies in the latest market drop were better prepared to coordinate their actions, but he has left no doubt that he still likes the ideas the commission advanced nearly two years ago.
"Don't wait another day.
"It was like digging through wet pie crust," Richards said.
In a telephone interview yesterday, Amstrad Chairman Alan Sugar declined to comment on his company's product plans, beyond saying it aims to launch "some new machines later this year."
Imports for the first 11 months of the year fell 16 percent to 16.29 million tons, compared with 19.47 million tons in the same period a year earlier.
It's a shame people such as this farmer don't have any say in our aid programs.
Even so, officials at Merck were reluctant to talk about the drugs or their prospects.
The defendants had pleaded innocent to charges of treason, terrorism, murder and subversion related to the central allegation that the front and its affiliates incited violence in 1984 to make South Africa ungovernable.
Tass said Vorontsov told legislators he favors mandatory ecological impact studies before the construction of new factories and giving the needs of the local population priority over the demands of national ministries.
The leaders were not expected to cover more than 300 miles the first day.
Recommendations are expected within 45 days. Saline-filled implants will not be affected by the moratorium. According to the FDA, about 20 per cent of the 1m women in the US with implants have them for breast reconstruction after cancer surgery.
For several years Cuban bands and musicians such as Irakere, Gonzalo Rubalcaba, Arturo Sandoval and Paquito D'Rivera have visited Britain and Europe.
He could be right.
Next spring, Claiborne is introducing a line of "fashion athletic shoes" that coordinate with a collection of Claiborne clothes.
Corporate, municipal and mortgage-backed bonds also surged, although most posted smaller gains than Treasury issues.
He described them as a buffer between the brother Arab nations of Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
He tells them he is fixing the Ahlgrens' bathroom.
In the last two years, many churches have been reconsecrated and Soviet citizens have flocked to services in record numbers.
Business inventories were up 0.3 percent to $720 billion, the smallest rise since last August.
"Well, then, why don't we just close those dumb, dumb schools," Cavazos told reporters gathered for a breakfast briefing.
Most people are buried in their own clothes, says Ms. Kellow, but others have been in nursing homes for years and don't have any dress-up clothes left.
In the largely white and conservative ranks of utility executives, the fact that Sheri Lynise Jackson is black caused at least as great a stir as the fact that she is 25 years old.
After a brief, animated discussion, Icahn flicked the back of his hand, walked back to the reporters and fired off his answer: "Yes.
In 1990, Sheraton posted operating profit of $39 million, down from 1989's $117 million.
About 24% of the student body is Asian-American, a group that generally scores higher than whites in math and slightly lower than whites in reading and spelling.
Pennwalt's senior vice president-treasury, Emil J. Mikity, says the company has targeted the drug business as a solid contributor to growth.
Still, J.P. Morgan said the losses would be offset by higher revenue in other areas of business compared with the 1991 first quarter, when net income was $273 million, or $1.40 a share.
One dealer said: 'Any potential fears that people may have had for the money markets have been offset by the fact that money is cheap at the moment and prices have not risen.'
"We're rarin' to go," declared British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the euphoria of her stunning 101-seat victory in Thursday's general election.
The company's fourth-quarter net rose to 70 cents a share from 37 cents a year ago.
Former Leahy aide John Podesta argued that such a consensus should form around legislation to extend citizen access to electronic records.
The Revolutionary Justice Organization also declares that before taking any measures it will find itself compelled to attack British police posts assigned to protect Salman Rushdie in order to get to him to carry out the sentence.
The government said Stone passed information about bid proposals to Mark E. Saunders, a private consultant, who in turn passed it to another consultant, Thomas E. Muldoon.
Cesare Previti, Italy's defence minister is also visiting Germany and Paris to meet his respective counterparts.
Sources told ABC that Bloch claimed he spied because he fell into a Soviet sex trap but that investigators have discounted the story.
Army investigators said they did not know who pulled the trigger.
And NWA is enjoying a record year.
Iran agreed to the resolution last month, clearing the way for a cease-fire.
Nearby pesticide spraying and runoff, waste water discharges and planned real estate development are the major threats.
Gold prices were weaker in modest trading.
It's about time you received some reassuring economic news, about stability and less volatility and growing standards of living and other good things, and it comes from a highly credible source.
The leveraged-buyout firms in particular represent limited partnerships that are capitalized by America's leading insurance companies, bank holding companies and the pension funds of major corporations and certain state employees.
But invitations were accepted by the Free Democrats, junior partners in the coalition, and by West Germany's opposition Social Democrats and Greens parties.
Jim Tucker, president of Local 6320 of the Communications Workers of America, said the union was told that AT&T would seek criminal theft charges against the former employees, who worked at AT&T's National Service and Sales Center here.
Why should she not?
A train crew member was crushed to death and three others were injured when a 28-car freight train carrying automobiles and trucks derailed near a stockyard, authorities said.
Cowen & Co. estimates that two million new subscribers signed on in 1991.
Ms. Mastrucci left to join her father, who continues to practice here, but the other attorneys with Mr. Thornton's firm stayed on with Hinshaw Culbertson.
Churchill, as president, would have done no better than most of the Americans who have occupied that office.
For example, a study at Bellevue Hospital in New York revealed that voluntary hospital screening missed more than 85 percent of pregnant women infected with the deadly virus.
He continued: "Although it wasn't done without difficulty, the loan for Colombia was arranged in a relatively short period of time, and fell only marginally short of its goal."
Where did the treasure come from?
Opting out and national testing to be abolished.
Today's growth management makes land more valuable by limiting development and provides no motivation for more efficient uses.
Other applications for such beams would include high-speed X-ray photography, welding, studying the effects of rapid heating and simulating the effects of nuclear bursts, the scientists said.
Volume was 517.5 million shares, compared with the 507.9 million shares traded Tuesday.
Benson landed at the university after he struck a deal to teach film making if he could make a film at the school.
Now, Henley "will have to get over half the other public stockholders to vote with them" to win any board positions, said Burton M. Strauss, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
"Heinz has been such a reliable, predictable company," she said.
Stevens said today, "The facts stated on (Peel's) letterhead are true and verifiable.
"We're entering an era when manufacturing people need to take a more aggressive role in guiding their firms," says Jeffrey Goldhar, the president of the Illinois Institute of Technology.
New drilling methods can dramatically limit any environmental disruption and render it temporary.
The SEC said most funds won't need to overhaul their portfolios to comply with the new rules.
He was trained in kung fu in Vietnam, but abandoned the martial art after seriously injuring a friend in the fight.
Mr. Dirks denied any wrongdoing.
After Marcos died last September, he said, "you got a widow, you got a Saudi businessman.
Vortec also said its board may end the agreement should it receive a higher offer and if directors determine it would be a breach of the board's fiduciary duty not to accept it.
Magnet was the subject of a Pounds 629m management buy-out in 1989 but succumbed to recession. The deal is being financed by a one-for-two rights issue at 120p to raise Pounds 58.7m net.
An Army warrant officer court-martialed for espionage may have critically damaged several electronic surveillance operations aimed at the Soviet bloc, The New York Times reported in Sunday editions.
A black nationalist leader freed after 12 years in prison Monday challenged the government to legalize outlawed black opposition groups.
Four guards were killed and two wounded in the Oct. 10 attack, said the dispatch dated Monday and seen in Bangkok on Tuesday.
With the economic news from France worsening by the day, the CAC-40 index last week surged through the 2,000 barrier, adding the gloss to an 8 per cent rise since the start of the year.
Rescue divers watched helplessly from the ocean's surface as a 12-foot shark fed on the body of a scuba diver who had failed to return from an outing the night before.
The EEC Commission, the group's policy-making board, had predicted negative growth following last October's collapse of financial markets.
That was the smallest second-quarter placement of cattle in feedlots since 1975, the report said.
"When he went on stage at the Jazz Fest it was a real cliche. He started playing and all the musicians on the other stages quit playing and came to hear him," Davis said.
"The techniques can help enhance the survival of the zoo captives and the wild captives," Simmons said.
Besides the steel plant named after Lenin, the town features a huge monument to the first Soviet leader.
Water systems would have four years to meet the new standards.
It was a unique way of expressing ourselves," she says.
Former President Reagan will be among the celebrities scheduled to appear July 21 during opening ceremonies of U.S. Olympic Festival.
The index opened 6.6 points down on nervousness ahead of the release of the earnings figures and amid worries about upward pressures on interest rates worldwide.
As he puts it, "Anything called the national pastime is worth caring about."
To strengthen the military, the general recently commissioned 49 non-coms, rewarding those who participated in the latest upheaval that rid the army of many undesirable characters, including those army officers with ties to drug traffickers.
"Secret Ingredients" (Bantam), by Michael Roberts.
Ethnic violence in Armenia and Azerbaijan killed 91 people and injured 1,650 last year, a Soviet official said Tuesday in releasing the highest estimates yet of the human toll of the unrest.
The sales figure given for most books is really an unscientific guess, based on how many books were shipped to bookstores, minus a large percentage that assumes many copies won't actually sell and will be returned by stores.
When Handren was about to graduate from high school, her brother suggested she ask Ross to the prom.
Of the 71,196 Jews who left the Soviet Union last year, 12,056 went to Israel, according to the Soviet Jewry Research Bureau of the NCJS.
Al Meyerhoff, an attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said the suit is aimed at forcing the EPA to be more aggressive in prohibiting the use of pesticides on food and to ban them altogether if they are found to cause cancer.
Links have strengthened considerably since the election last year of Mr Bill Morris as TGWU general secretary. This year the two unions have increasingly worked together, including on a campaign to improve training.
The suit claims that applicants were deceived into applying for the accounts based on the belief that their deposits would be invested and protected.
Durenberger was denounced by his colleagues on a 96-0 vote last week for violating Senate rules by skirting the current limits on honoraria through a book publishing deal.
I spoke with Larry's mother and revealed the true nature of Larry Gatliff's honor.
The Washington Naval Conference between the wars proved an illusory victory for peace.
Another difficult problem is changing the psychology of workers, many of whom seem disinterested in increasing production or streamlining the operation.
Shareholders were scheduled to vote on six environmentally related resolutions.
In that decision, the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the securities-fraud convictions of broker Robert Chestman, although it upheld Mr. Chestman's conviction for insider-trading.
But some hardy adventure-seekers chuck conventional, long-term investment plans now and then to stalk the wild windfall.
Without the truffle juice, a 10-ounce bottle of the water costs 50 cents.
Exxon has said it will be able to clean just over 350 miles.
He was struck by lightning while riding on a hay rack and died on a rolling hill where the view extends for miles.
And that being clear, serious people might be expected to draw serious conclusions, not the least serious being that the president has no good options and therefore would be best advised to drop the subject and get on with the business of being president.
A helicopter crashed Wednesday in the North Sea as it was approaching an offshore tanker loading facility, killing six people and injuring seven others, the Shell oil company said.
Israeli officials said today they will consider making a hostage exchange with Shiite Moslems in Lebanon if they provide a list of prisoners they want freed from Israeli jails.
Dr. Anderson faults some imaginary "health-care planners" for imposing "two erroneous assumptions" on the HMO concept.
It makes up one-third of the wartime configuration of the U.S. Army's 24th Mechanized Infantry Division, which has been deployed in Saudi Arabia.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor has questioned the reasoning of the 1973 ruling.
DETROIT _ Domestic automakers announce sales for the first 10 days of June.
Twelfth-century philosopher Averroes (Ibn Rushd) immensely influenced Jewish and Christian thought.
The central bank said one-dollar notes will remain legal tender after it has ceased issuing them.
Osborne was 61 when he was prosecuted in 1985.
Now it is going even further, restructuring utilities as well as selling them.
Some witnesses said the pistol was equipped with a scope, Hall said.
The Southern California fires, the worst of which was in Santa Barbara County, conformed ominously to the forecast issued Tuesday by an unprecedented task force of statewide fire agencies.
The fiscal 1986 earnings included a tax credit of $2.1 million.
The program is operated by the John Doe Fund, an advocacy group for the homeless.
Griffith plays a humble secretary working for Allied Intelligence (Michael Douglas) in pre-Blitz London.
An O'Connor executive says the firm has about 40 people developing analytical software for trading purposes, and about 100 traders using these systems.
Illegal immigration appears to be on the rebound after a seven-month decline, raising fresh skepticism about the effectiveness of the nation's eight-month-old immigration law.
Mr. Wagner is a Bangkok-based journalist.
Whitmore said the purchase of Sterling was consistent with Kodak's strategy for chemical sciences, would give the company a "highly profitable revenue stream" and offers opportunities for cutting costs by eliminating overlaps.
The announcement came 10 days after GPA filed lawsuits against the carrier in Orlando and in Kansas City, Mo., seeking the return of five Airbus Industrie A320 planes.
Then later I got threatening phone calls." But tearing down the massive granite museum would be expensive, to the tune of perhaps $200 million.
The method is designed to catch albacore tuna by their gills in the net's fine mesh.
Domestically, soft drink concentrate and syrup shipments rose 6 percent and operating income was up 9 percent.
In addition, the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad was told that unspecified restrictions will be placed on embassy funds, department spokeswoman Margaret Tutwiler said.
Coen said Holmes led the killers to the Laurel Canyon house on orders from Nash, who supplied drugs to Holmes.
Terrell told the Globe the material was not part of a trade.
"The failure to regain contact led us to wonder whether there had been an actual contact with the miners or with a search team," Kraemer said.
As soon as the house is repossessed it will start deteriorating and it will be worth a lot less than I could sell it for now if the building society would only let me.
I said, I think you're being very parochial; you want this movie to be a recruiting film.
In December, Michael Deaver, former deputy White House chief of staff, was convicted of lying under oath to a federal grand jury and to a House subcommittee about his lobbying activities after leaving the government.
The figures given were the author's estimate for total costs of attendance, including room and board.
The House Appropriations Committee arranged a late-afternoon meeting on a bipartisan package put together by California's 47-member congressional delegation, with action by the full House scheduled Tuesday.
Last Thursday, the stock dropped $3 a share.
He wants to get married to his girlfriend, a perky lawyer named Julie.
During a photo session in Helsinki today with Finnish President Mauno Henrik Koivisto, President Reagan indicated that he and his advisers have reached no decisions about how to proceed on the Panamanian problem.
Carrington's management claims short sellers spread the rumors.
The contraction of these industries is happening at a time when the recession has stopped growth in financial services and in tourism. In just three years, unemployment has nearly trebled, rising from only 3 per cent in 1990 to 8.8 per cent in September.
Ignatenko has a reputation for accessibility and clarity.
But the exact size and mandate of the surviving services _ as well as the fate of their foreign espionage networks _ is mostly obscured by the traditional lack of public accountability.
A surgeon at Trinity Medical Center in Minot, N.D., was making an incision with a disposable surgical stapler when he accidentally cut off the tips of the baby's index and middle fingers, hospital President Terry Hoff said Saturday.
Besides the problems that accompany radioactivity, nuclear plants are bigger and more complex; they are crammed with redundant safety features needing maintenance, and they are far more closely scrutinized by regulators and the public.
At precisely 20.00 hours a bugle sounded and Lt Cmdr Johns and I joined the ship's company on deck.
What they do on Thursday nights at 9 is operate a private detective agency in San Diego (which raised a municipal stink a while back when leaks intimated that the venue of the firm was to move to Los Angeles, and prevailed against the pirates).
But he also expects major newspaper companies to fight the increase.
Most islanders who don't sell seem to build.
Less than two hours later, an explosion rocked a downtown Banco Central office and shattered glass in surrounding buildings, he said.
On Friday, charges were filed in Miami against the couple for smuggling more than 55,000lbs of cocaine and 3m lbs of marijuana into the US from 1976.
'Investors don't like surprises, especially ones like this which are difficult to assimilate.'
He said he had spent almost three years in the same house or room with him and kidnapped British journalist John McCarthy.
Recent earnings data for Remy Martin and Cointreau were not available since neither of the companies is publicly traded.
British publisher Robert Maxwell is considering issuing securities in some of his U.S. operations in an apparent bid to raise cash and cut debt.
There are strong contributions from such regular members as Andy Halliday as the evil, oversexed child; Arnie Kolodner as Gertrude's true love, Meghan Robinson as a gorgon of a mother and Julie Halston as Gertrude's best buddy.
Ford said that on some of the chassis, engine governor levels, which are part of the accelerator mechanism, may have been assembled incorrectly, which could ultimately lead to the engine's taking substantially more time than normal to return to idle.
Organizations demanding housing for the homeless made a 20-block march to the Zocalo, the capital's main plaza, where an estimated 12,000 people gathered for a rally.
Mr Morrison said the long-term objective was to become a quoted group 'in some shape or form' but there were no current plans to do so. 'We will react to the right opportunity when it comes along,' he said.
No longer could couples simply declare themselves married in front of witnesses.
The former, for example, runs TNT Contract Logistics as a separate operation. 'We may use other parts of the TNT organisation such as air express, road express or courier services but we are not asset-driven.
It earns more than 90 per cent of the country's foreign exchange earnings and has been, historically, a very important contributor to the state's tax revenues.
I don't see any movement."
The proposal to remove the convent founded in 1984 just outside the Auschwitz fence has found little sympathy among Poles.
It makes sense: Heart disease starts early.
Nikolai Vasko of the Ministry of Internal Affairs said 91 people were killed and injured 1,650 in last year's ethnic violence, the official Tass news agency reported.
"I owe him many things," said the Swedish botanist Peter Kahn about fellow botanist John Bartram, "for he possessed the great quality of communicating everything he knew."
Pianist Victor Borge, the mirthful maestro who has entertained millions with his blend of music and comedy, celebrated his 80th birthday on the Caribbean island of St. Croix with his wife, Sanna, and family.
"Accept my recommendation," Jackson said of Dukakis. "He can be trusted to help keep hope alive." Both appeared before the Baptist National Convention USA, the largest black religious denomination with 8 million members.
"I heard so much debris hitting the windows of the building," she recalled. "There was no visibility because the rain was coming down so hard.
"All American taxpayers have an important stake in how these problems are resolved," said Luken, who supports a bill by Rep. John LaFale D-N.Y., to exempt lenders from Superfund liability when they foreclose on contaminated property.
Blanton was one of four Democrats vying for the chance to succeed retiring Rep. Ed Jones in the 8th District.
It also objects to self-appointed groups springing up with official-sounding names.
He says you have to be neither a comedian nor "naturally funny."
Brinkmann Instruments Inc., Westbury, N.Y., proposed to acquire Orion for $11 a share last week.
The proceeds will be used to finance construction of housing for Israel's Soviet refugees.
Last year, a record 372 persons were killed in the district, and police blame 60 percent of those killings on drugs.
Defense attorneys had called Simpson to testify, hoping to show that no passengers were threatened while the plane was on the ground in Algiers.
As he was being interviewed for the special counsel job, Mr. Phelan resigned as a Simon delegate rather than attend last week's Democratic convention, which Mr. Wright chaired.
"I'm absolutely convinced that both sides want a contract," mediator W.J. Usery said after the session. "We need the jobs.
But they also said they would never launch a solo attack.
Nurses said she was in good spirits.
He and other Canaan managers will receive an annual fee equal to 2.5% of the capital and a 20% share of any capital gains.
Thousands of Patriots are already deployed in Europe against a crumbling Warsaw Pact.
The commission boost also follows increases last year by other firms, including Merrill Lynch & Co. and Sears, Roebuck & Co.'s Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit.
Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger said Friday that acts of violence committed by leftist militants in Nicaragua against opposition groups raise "grave doubts" about the Sandinista government's willingness to hold fair elections.
Dukakis predicted there would be "a floor fight or two" over platform issues, but none that would split the party.
If they do not, the framework will be tightened. There is no guarantee of success.
Elders will probably announce new acquisitions at about the same time, he added.
The package contained a detonating device, he said.
"It's the most important of the issues confronting Canadians, towering over everything else," says Angus Reid, a leading pollster based in Winnipeg.
Attorney Robin Auld's lawyer, Hal Haddon, asked Montrose District Judge Richard Brown to dismiss the charge because of "outrageous misconduct" by District Attorney Victor Reichman and other law enforcement officials.
But an official of PaineWebber, a unit of PaineWebber Group Inc., said that the New York-based investment banking firm Monday had offered $69 a share, or $2.8 billion, in cash and securities for Jim Walter.
Such king-making notions, however, are taking a backseat to Chicago's backroom politics.
It is fine for President Bush to support the democratic government of Venezuela.
I started scaling down a bit, some tours with the band and some solo. I got my wife more involved with the accounting and myself more entangled with the business end of it.
What is important now is to find a job.
For many years, individual municipal bonds were available only to well-to-do investors who had $25,000 or more to shell out.
Many institutions also objected to Mr Lines' autocratic management style. 'He did not have a very high opinion of people in the City,' said one analyst.
The Fair Trading Act permits the MMC to make recommendations only where it finds a situation to be 'against the public interest'.
When you have checked this and cleared the small limbs and branches from the bottom portion of the trunk, you're ready to fell the tree.
Pillsbury Co., in its first detailed response to Grand Metropolitan PLC's $5.23 billion tender offer, said it was exploring all possible alternatives to accepting the bid.
Such a request would prevent the amount from being counted against caps set by last year's budget law.
It is where military officials of both sides irregularly meet to discuss alleged armistice violations.
Mason said he doesn't think Taylor County's 205 teachers have much to complain about in an area where unemployment reached 11 percent two months ago and the average salary was $8,650 in 1987.
Although profit-taking checked gains in Tokyo throughout the day, traders noted that the inability by arbitragers to support strong index-linked buying was more the reason that the Nikkei Index closed off its intraday high of 32608 points.
The army said 207 Palestinians have been killed since riots began Dec. 8 among the 1.5 million Palestinians of the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
These tickets are non-refundable.
Earlier this month, Lomas said all of its senior creditors except two banks _ holding 3 percent of the debt _ had agreed to the restructuring which analysts believed could have forestalled a bankruptcy court filing.
She said the United States would raise the issue with the United Nations and with Soviet authorities.
Wendy's still faces plenty of challenges.
The hurricane hit in Charleston, S.C., instead, but its path still managed to foul up the wedding plans.
Frey became director of the Moody Medical Library in 1973.
Gold opened in London at a bid price of $372.50 a troy ounce.
On Friday, the European Economic Community announced it had reached an agreement with the United States on the issue of farm supports.
Proceedings against the remaining bankers and two Colombians continued before U.S. District Judge W. Terrell Hodges and are expected to last five months.
Later, again like Lady Macbeth, he quails and Richard knows when to drop him.
Saouma, a Lebanese, was elected to a third six-year term in November, defeating an African challenger supported by the United States and other major donor nations.
Nearly 29 million Americans are victims of some form of mental illness that requires professional treatment.
A series of state polls provided a picture of several close races.
Newsprint results continued to be depressed, the company added, because of industrywide price discounting.
Completion is expected shortly after NCR holders vote to approve the deal Sept. 13.
Stanley J. Bradshaw, 31-year-old senior vice president and chief investment officer, was named executive vice president and to the vacant post of chief operating officer of this savings and loan.
It fell 16% during the year.
The study by Robert Lichter and Daniel Amundson of the private, non-partisan Center for Media and Public Affairs found that the biggest target was Quayle, the vice president-elect.
In a radio interview, de Guzman denied the bags containing the weapons were his and claimed he did not know Dato.
When asked recently, both just smiled and stroked their fluffy beards.
However, finance for management buy-outs is certainly more difficult to secure than in the late 1980s.
The repurchase rate is the average rate at which banks trade on the money market. The emergency rate is the cost of funds for banks whose reserves are short at the close of trading.
In years past, Kremlinologists seeking clues to Soviet politics scrutinized the lineup of leaders atop Lenin's mausoleum during the Revolution Day parade through Red Square.
Political concerns, though, helped depress most other London stocks.
Gale warnings were in effect for Lake Huron and Lake Erie, and winds in central Indiana gusted to 64 mph at Marshall.
The Federal Home Loan Bank Board said Friday it would protect all depositors and general creditors of American Savings & Loan Association, FCA's main subsidiary.
'I don't think we're necessarily treated favourably,' says Ms Fabienne Couty of the French embassy in Hanoi.
Such a move could bring down the government and, eight months after the last national elections, force a new vote.
Besides heading the drug ring, the case involved more than one kilogram of crack, a firearm was found, and Staley tried to bribe a witness not to testify by offering $10,000 or a Mercedes Benz.
News reports said riot police brandishing truncheons and shields chased them into alleys and sidestreets.
Helicopters sprayed up to 20 square miles of suburban Miami with malathion in eight aerial treatments to kill Mediterranean fruit flies, considered the most destructive farm pest because it can attack 250 fruits and vegetables.
In real estate, the fund will shun downtown "trophy" buildings in favor of buying less-visible properties, perhaps from banks and thrifts paring their portfolios.
All in all, building Thermalux has been "much slower and more hand-to-mouth than I ever expected," says co-founder Mr. Martin.
In fiscal 1987, Sunbelt had a net loss of $4 million on revenue of $137.8 million.
Some motorists were stranded on freeways and winds overturned a tractor-trailer rig on Interstate 10. No injuries were reported.
According to the filing, the Rosses hold their Financial Corp. stock for investment purposes.
The judge could have restricted the back-to-work order to West Virginia and parts of Virginia, Kentucky and Ohio, but ordered that it apply nationwide to all coal companies that have UMW contracts.
He didn't return to his job until December, and hasn't been back on a DC-10.
He has been rewarded by acquiescence, if not enthusiasm, from the leader of the province's most important political party. It will be harder now than it has ever been to sustain that careful political balancing act.
"If I were Allen, I would take a big breath and not do anything soon," one Wall Street executive said.
July 19 is a national holiday, but the party will be pure Sandinista.
The Argentine government's cost-of-living index shows an inflation rate for September of about 8% or 9%, down sharply from 27.6% in August, government sources said.
Inchcape said strong sales in its automotive division contributed significantly to the improved results last year.
They are rested and have received food, clothing and medicine from the United States.
Public opinion analysts say Fujimori has awakened hopes in voters that he will be able to attract massive Japanese aid and investment if elected.
Sotheby's Holdings Inc., the parent company, which also includes a luxury real estate brokerage business principally in the U.S., said it won't receive any proceeds from the sale; the shares are all being sold by current holders.
The study also shows that the more heavily a contract is traded, the less slippage there is.
A SPITFIRE aircraft that saw active service in the Second World War was unsold at a Christie's auction yesterday.
"It takes a long time to recover your investment, and many small businesses may not have the resources to do that," says Jack Enan Jr., a Dallas consultant on international business.
They were caught by the State Security while trying to escape being dragooned into the Sandinista army in October 1983.
He also said the deficit is widening by as much as 22 billion rubles a month.
At least one serious near-collision at the heavily traveled port was due to conditions that included understaffing, fatigue, stress and the hurried training of newcomers, said pilot Capt.
"Only if you let problems really get you down do you feel older," Brand, commander of Columbia's astronomy mission, said Monday.
According to PIR, Morgan Stanley analyst Keith Mullins yesterday lowered his fiscal 1990 earnings forecast for the company to 91 cents a share from 93 cents.
As Hamlet drew his dagger, it slipped his grasp.
No time for that.
Time and Christopher Whittle, chairman of Whittle Communications, declined to comment.
'I had three clients in 24 hours.'
Chancellor Capital Management, a New York money manager, says it plans to invest about $100 million or so in European deals, particularly in venture-capital commitments, small leveraged buy-outs and corporate restructurings.
"This probably makes very good sense for Jack Tramiel" though it is unlikely others will follow suit, added Mr. Bajarin, an analyst for Creative Strategies Inc.
They are thus clearly not using the whole of their overdraft facilities purely as an occasional source of working capital. The problem is what action banks need to take.
The Chicago-based newspaper, publishing and broadcasting concern said the notes will be offered on a continuing basis through Salomon Brothers Inc. and Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as agents.
All three men were convicted of massacre and illegal arms possession.
Meanwhile, Mr. Hennessy's deputy William E. Mayer in January was demoted from First Boston chief executive to head a newly created merchant banking unit.
The terrorists long ago learned the lesson that with hostages in hand, the U.S. political culture will reflexively stand strategy on its head by making any judgments about military engagement subordinate to the hostage issue.
In the 1920s, the process of stabilization was discovered, allowing it to be stored without refrigeration.
He was an international exploration official at Maxus Energy Corp.
Growth in net was smaller compared with growth of pretax profit as a result of a heavier burden from tax payments.
Printed with flowery lettering and embossed with a gold coat of arms, invitations to join the Dewar's Highlander Clan make the club appear quite elite.
The moves are aimed at thwarting a takeover attempt by Asher Edelman.
CNW, a Chicago-based railroad holding company, must keep about 350 brakemen on freight trains of its Chicago & North Western Transportation unit; but it may trim crews to three people from four on most of those trains.
The Canadian government joined with Husky Oil Ltd. and the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan in a 1.27 billion Canadian dollar (US$1.03 billion) project to upgrade heavy molasses-like crude oil deposits near Lloydminster, Saskatchewan.
His departure was followed by revelations about a lavish lifestyle, and he was defrocked by the Assemblies of God.
The NASD said Wednesday the action was part of a crackdown on fraud and abusive sales practices in the penny-stock market.
The survey, which included passenger deaths caused by criminal or terrorist acts, also found international jet flights have become statistically less risky among industrialized nations.
Olin Corp. was given a $69.4 million Army contract for 120mm tank ammunition.
Valhi Inc., a Simmons holding company that owns about 68% of NL, rose 87.5 cents to close at $8.25 on the Big Board.
The release of the photo of the stealth cruise, known formally as the Advanced Cruise Missile, or AGM-129A, is the third such move in 10 months.
The skinheads shouted Nazi slogans during the match and later fought police in a street near the stadium.
High winds and no precipitation prompted Nez Perce National Forest officials to postpone the control of a 2,175-acre fire on the Main Salmon River from Monday to Wednesday.
Middle-ranking army officers mounted the coup, saying they wanted to end Moslem domination of Nigerian politics.
Financial stocks weakened and industrial issues rebounded, and the net effect was that the Nasdaq over-the-counter market hardly budged.
Concerns about a possible recession sent precious-metals prices falling sharply in active trading.
Tatsuo Miyajima, another of the eight, is showing concurrently at Anthony d'Offay - (until January 11).
Ten days ago, AmeriFirst said it had received inquiries about a takeover, confirming rumors that had sent the thrift's stock climbing in recent months.
His successor, Clayton Yeutter, says he sees "no reason for significant changes" in the party's position.
Be warned that some aspects of this segment are confusing, as the camera shows her dancing to wild applause in that empty house, which suggests that applause is her fantasy.
The government's human rights commission says the top anti-drug agency has been the target of scores of complaints, and the panel is recommending firing and prosecuting agents accused of involvement in rights abuses.
It was never illuminating, only distracting. Even before the opera began the inmates of the Bedlam asylum were swarming over the stage; that they were all female, and found themselves in some pretty lurid postures raised suspicions from the start.
Why? Because she says they cheated her out of royalties from the original "Mickey Mouse Club." Darlene Gillespie is accusing Disney of taking advantage of her in 1955 when the then 14-year-old Mouseketeer-to-be signed a contract.
The December contract rose to 64.21 cents a pound, for a gain of 0.98 cent as it ended toward the highs of the day.
We will replace it with our Fair Rates system, related to people's ability to pay.
Because of the Independence Day holiday, some low-volume imported car and truck makers said they would report sales Thursday.
No films less than 10 years old were eligible, and there was only one issued in the past 20.
Shao Yanxiang, a poet, says it is "the best period of literary creation" in modern Chinese history.
Only three - Kokusai Securities, New Japan Securities, and Wako Securities - are expecting to record a pre-tax profit in the first half. The largest losses are expected at Sanyo Securities (Y5.7bn) and Kankaku Securities (Y5.6bn).
The Founding Fathers concluded there was no alternative to a strong executive after they saw how difficult it was to defend the colonies under the Articles of Confederation of 1777, which had given Congress the upper hand in foreign policy.
The West German government's 6 3/4% issue due 1998 ended the interbank trading day at 99.75 bid to yield 6.78%.
Sales of domestically made trucks also continued to be sluggish in mid-October, dropping 22.8% to 94,543 from a year ago.
The report has been submitted to the commander of surface forces for the Atlantic Fleet in Norfolk, Va., and will eventually land on Defense Secretary Dick Cheney's desk after being passed up the chain of command.
Who cooks up these titles?
Lachenmeyer said he noticed Steinberg's hands were battered just before he was arrested.
The Recruit figures were indicted on charges of offering bribes, and the former NTT officials were accused of accepting bribes.
He is chairman of CANF, whose Free Cuba political action committee contributed Dollars 17,000 (Pounds 10,430) to Mr Torricelli's campaign.
Currently, most of its trains operate with three or four employees.
Lancaster Colony Corp. said it completed the acquisition of LRV Corp., of Elkhart, Ind., for an undisclosed amount of stock.
ACTION says the typical volunteer devotes two hours daily to each of two children.
Bond brokers serve as intermediaries between major bond dealers.
It is "entirely possible" that this could trigger similar reviews in other states, said Glynn Young, a spokesman for St. Louis-based Monsanto, a major chemical producer.
The sanctity of human life, moral standards, personal and institutional responsibility _ even the pledge of allegiance _ too often these are the subject of denigration or embarrassment among leaders of the Democratic Party.
He said General Tire had difficulty getting price increases to hold despite tight supplies in some lines.
In other commodity markets yesterday: ENERGY: Prices tumbled as prospects dimmed for new, meaningful production restraint by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
The Pentagon on Tuesday retracted claims made during the Panama invasion that U.S. soldiers had found a large cache of cocaine in a guest house used by Gen.
Security Pacific has announced its intention to expand its presence in Northern California, where Westamerica is located.
Walesa also said he begged Geremek "on my knees" to become parliamentary leader.
The government said it will review British Airways' proposed takeover of British Caledonian Airways for possible antitrust implications, quashing the existing bid.
And how, if at all, may the market's fall be likely to affect actual economic activity in coming weeks and months?
Rain and thunderstorms were scattered from Florida to Louisiana.
A falling dollar is supposed to make U.S. imports more expensive, decreasing demand for them.
Mr. Wollack, a Merc governor, initially had the backing of Mr. Melamed, according to certain Merc governors.
Those in that category had been automatically excommunicated until a change made in 1977.
Spokesmen for Israel's Energy, Foreign and Defense ministries refused to comment on the report.
While the companies aren't resorting to such drastic measures as job cuts, they are reducing their capital-spending plans and delaying production of some products.
A white tent was set up with a separate inner sanctuary to hold the coffin, which had a Japanese screen and protective sword at its head and was surrounded by lanterns and chrysanthemum displays.
Fewer than 1 percent of U.S. students take physics and chemistry, while up to 25 percent of 18-year-olds in Canada and Norway take the two subjects for two years each.
I've asked my current chief of staff, Craig Fuller, and my senior campaign advisor, Bob Teeter, to serve as co-directors of the Bush-Quayle transition.
The new loan will go largely for planting trees in 15 Chinese provinces.
The oldest man in Japan is Kiichi Fujiwara, 109, of Zushi, near Tokyo.
Legislator Dedi Zucker of the Citizens' Rights Movement said the Nablus ceremony was "part of a much larger picture" of Shamir's drive to create more settlements in the occupied lands.
She adds that next year Fisher-Price will include colors that are "hot."
Tokyo has refused to extend any official credits to the Soviet Union since the 1980 invasion of Afghanistan, making many Soviet projects too risky for Japanese companies.
Its shares slipped 10 pence to 298 ($5.15).
Redenbacher's popcorn, packaged for both stovetop and microwave preparation, is the market leader.
The Democratic candidate also complained he was being held to a different standard by the media than was Dukakis.
Southland first proposed its restructuring in March of this year, acknowledging that dwindling profits would make it impossible to meet the debt brought on by the 1987 buyout.
Nynke Klick, an engineering company administrator who recently flew on a gray-market ticket from San Francisco to Amsterdam, says her treatment "wasn't any different from a (regular) discount ticket."
While the Vatican questioned the U.S. annulment process and said it seemed too many marriages are being annulled, the American bishops defended their tribunals.
That convention concluded that "freedom of the press is one of the greatest bulwarks of liberty and ought not to be violated."
In the 1990 first quarter, Westmoreland sold 4.6 million tons of coal, compared with 4.4 million tons in the year-earlier period.
The crew members' cockpit training clearly came into play, says William Traub, United's vice president for flight training.
On May 29, rebels on Negros kidnapped a Japanese aid worker, Fumio Mizuno, and are believed holding him in mountains near Bacolod.
Baker said on Feb. 11 that "actions such as this _ directed against civilian or military targets, inside or outside of Israel _ were something that gave us trouble." After the incident the State Department said it was conducting an investigation.
And the timing was perfect.
Zorza, 46, was identified Thursday as one of 39 people in the New York area involved in swapping cocaine for heroin with the Sicilian Mafia in what U.S. authorities described as the biggest international drug bust ever.
Or what about the automobile industry, which eight years ago was in dire financial straits, clamoring for mandatory quotas?
Getting land isn't the only problem.
The campaign also was hampered by a lack of money, he said, but added he will finish with only about $400,000 in debts.
What they need at this moment desperately is food, and we're confident that they will naturally use these small funds to provide for their basic survival," she said.
LaComb forced several cars off the road and narrowly missed several bicyclists, said Jim Bryant, a spokesman for the San Bernardino County Sheriff's department.
Students were seeking a more open nominating process for local party congress candidates.
"The spread against the U.S. remains attractive, and there's nothing in the near future to change that," he said.
Some skeptics believe any late-year economic pickup may have been influenced by tax-law changes.
There's nothing like having the courage of your convictions.
President Abdul Qayyum, speaking to a reporter who traveled to Pakistan's Kashmir, said the people of his state also had been sheltering insurgents since India launched the military crackdown in its state of Jammu-Kashmir last month.
Philippine President Aquino declared a state of emergency in areas hit by Typhoon Nina, which struck the islands with 120 mph winds.
"The people who started everything are already being denounced as `red pigs,"' said Bigl.
The size of the playing field was reduced to 180 yards by 160 from the standard 300 by 160 to make the game more telegenic.
John F. Kennedy Jr. got his law degree Friday from New York University.
Foam spraying has been delayed since Monday because the ship was too hot and crews feared another explosion even if the flames were doused.
An adviser to PLO chief Yasser Arafat said Tuesday that investigators should not expect too much help from the group in tracking down the bombers of Pan Am Flight 103.
At the Jewish Nursing Home of Western Massachusetts, which the United Food and Commercial Workers is trying to organize, workers aren't afraid to endorse the union publicly.
Senate Judiciary Chairman Joseph Biden on Monday denied President Bush's accusations of congressional foot-dragging on major crime legislation, saying the administration should stop playing politics on the bill.
Matching marrow is a three-step process.
More than 2,500 police officers and National Guard soldiers lined streets near the slain civil-rights leader's tomb Saturday during a demonstration by four white supremacists led by Richard Barrett of Mississippi.
Only good can come from him." "We've lost a real leader, and real leaders in our political world are few and far between," said Bill Ramsey, a Democratic Party consultant and friend who had been frequently at Leland's office in the past week.
By Wednesday, the hunger strike had spread to 16 prisons in the Czech republic and four in the Slovak republic, according to the Justice Ministry and the Communist Party daily Rude Pravo.
Analysts are divided over the rumor of Soviet buying primarily because such purchases have fallen short for the previous two years.
At least Mr. Abedi tried to help out the less for tunate, so why pick on him? Mr. Abedi himself doesn't quite see it this way, saying "The West has done no wrong by me."
Last May, as a result of the Boone incident, the federal government set up a child sex abuse center on the reservation to provide counseling, but the center is understaffed and 38 people are on its waiting list, said Sylvia.
When the CFTC's jurisdiction was expanded in 1982 to include stock index futures as well as traditional futures contracts for commodities like oil and pork bellies, the agriculture committees' jurisdictions were expanded as well.
Bush's own annual salary remains frozen at $200,000. But other top officials got hefty pay raises.
"It was a scraping noise, like a tree falling or a snowplow dragging along the road.
The brokerage firms, which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell, generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly.
Soviet participation in the 10,000-member group has been an issue since PEN turned down an application in 1924.
Spending money should be pleasant, yet there is a dearth of friendly and helpful staff.
Records show the part that failed GE's testing was sent to another company for further testing and the flaw was confirmed, Tucker said.
Mr. Allman also fails to notice how far under way "Americanization" had been before exile.
But potential losses mount when the cost of war coverage, and the lost opportunities to plug midseason replacements, are added in.
Formation of the partnership, to be called Petrolane Partners L.P., is part of Texas Eastern's restructuring program, designed to concentrate the company's activities in pipeline operations and international oil and gas exploration and production.
Along with common shares it already owns, Anschutz gets to keep its 18% stake in Ideal after the restructuring.
Unit commanders in Japan were to explain to military personnel how to apply for the trip, McCarthy said.
Under existing law, the maximum penalty for offenders is one year in jail and/or a $2,000 fine for individuals and a $25,000 fine for corporations.
But like other thrifts, it's expected to seek regulators' consent to create a distinct junk-bond entity.
And what part should the patient's experience in hospital play in judging quality? In the industrial setting some of these questions can be answered by asking the customers to rank quality components.
For AT&T, the figure is slightly lower at 88 per cent.
These concerns were also named.
Since then, militant university students have clashed with police and also attacked colleagues for organizing mixed-sex parties and excursions that they consider contrary to Islamic teachings.
When the kid next door runs away from home, he's liable to get in trouble with his folks.
But that represents a tiny fraction of the development in most areas, Austin said.
But the boats usually arrive when it is "so dark you can't see your hand out there," Mr. Rivera says, and finding them is chancy.
The word is "moderate."
Iran is Moslem but not Arab.
Trading in the West is tempting to Poles because they can buy goods in Poland for zlotys, sell them for hard currency in the West and then convert that money back into zlotys at the black-market rate for a profit.
The International Boxing Federation ended a five-year boycott, scheduling a title fight for June at the Sun City resort.
"I think the other way would have sent out the wrong signal _ that we are patsies," Reagan said at Point Mugu Naval Air Station near here as he boarded Air Force One to return to Washington from his Thanksgiving holiday.
Vogel said that "in agreement with de Maiziere" the Stasi files would be examined to try to clear up the matter.
Several state regulators have expressed concern at debt-financed insurance takeovers.
But she also frequents discount stores and says she often eats Chinese takeout food.
He could face up to five years in prison, but state guidelines indicate he might get probation.
Which way would a President Dukakis lean?
Arab witnesses said 10 youths were wounded by police gunfire and six were arrested.
Strong winds continued to buffet Manila on Sunday.
Iraq has shifted vital equipment from factories making armaments and chemical weapons to secret locations for security reasons, the rebel Kurdish group said Thursday.
Rockwell said in the suit that until recently, it had been led to believe by the Energy Department that the company would not be "subject to legal liability" as long as it made a good-faith effort to carry out its contract at Rocky Flats.
In the letter, the organizations recommended the new regulations adopted Monday.
The previous owners struggled on takings of around Pounds 1,500 a week.
So far, the auctions have netted about $2 million, most of that from the sale of a vintage-car dealership that Mr. Dixon owned in California.
Rhetoric in the course catalog about the importance of course distribution requirements will never substitute.
Christopher Burge, president of Christie's in New York, estimated recently that "Roulin" would be worth roughly the same at auction as van Gogh's "Irises," which brought $53.9 million in 1987.
"It's a major piece of legislation that cannot be looked on lightly," the governor said, announcing he would consult unidentified outside experts.
For the past 18 months, new STC management has been hankering to dump ICL as incompatible with plans to expand their strong phone cable and transmission-gear business.
"I personally like the DC-10. It's a very comfortable and good-performing aircraft," he said.
The National Football League wrapped up its new television package March 9 by agreeing to a deal with NBC that boosts its total TV revenue to more than $3.6 billion over four years, an all-sports record.
Mr. O'Brien asks, trying to pin down the economist.
"Only such a solution can have the guarantees and the interational peacekeeping force under the United Nations which will minimize the danger of the Khmer Rouge," he said.
Under the pact, approved by the French government, Barclays acquired 16 private and retail banking offices in France and a controlling interest in an operation with 14.1 billion francs of total assets.
A recent Durenberger ad says that although Humphrey's most important job as attorney general was to fight crime, "violent crime in Minnesota has mushroomed" since he took office.
These might include more sea-based missiles under NATO command, modernized short-range missiles, or airplanes with nuclear weapons.
On Saturday, Aziz described the talks as "still in square one." Meanwhile, foreign ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council met today for a second day in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, for discussions focused on breaking the deadlock in Geneva.
Nationwide sales on Christmas Eve last year reached $14.7 million, says the company's Japanese unit, or about five times that of an average day.
Other industrial countries, such as West Germany, Canada, Britain and France, have pledged to stabilize or reduce carbon dioxide emissions and have pressured the United States to take similar actions.
Until the NRC learns to distinguish between nuclear plants that are well-managed, well-designed and properly sited, and those that are not, Americans will lack confidence in the nuclear industry.
Prior to the rocket incident, Tokyo police said they had uncovered a plan by the extremist Middle Core Faction to use an ultra-light plane for a bomb attack on the Imperial Palace in hopes of thwarting the Okinawa visit.
Twenty-one people were fined.
However, Western diplomats said the delay actually helps the United States, 12 European Community nations and Nordic countries that are trying to derail the resolution.
"No one really knows what the central banks' goal is," and that uncertainty is "causing the short people to re-examine their positions somewhat," he added.
The school has a total of 18 department heads.
However, since my garden is intensely densely planted and by 10 p.m. visibility is low even with fireflies and the all-night burglar light of the people over the back fence, I proposed burial in the a.m.
He retired in 1984 and was elected chairman of the board's executive committee.
Analysts said Mr. Barrett's appointment reflects the increased importance that Bank of Montreal is placing on consumer, or retail, bank operations.
Recession or no, Blackpool remains a place where you can find a bit of fun.
That price level put a crimp in both Amoco's domestic and foreign exploration and production operations.
The Democratic chairman of the Senate Budget Committee today praised parts of the $1.1 trillion fiscal 1989 budget President Reagan submitted to Congress, but warned that the proposal left tough deficit fighting for future administrations.
Earlier in the day, Denis Thatcher, the prime minister's husband, gave Mrs. Bush a gallant kiss on the hand when he greeted her at 10 Downing Street.
The devaluation will affect only foreign trade, not tourists and Soviet citizens, he said.
Tehran Radio gave no source or further details in its report, which was not confirmed from other sources.
Joao de Deus Pinheiro is fortunate to have an engineering background since he has taken on a job he is having almost to invent.
The chamber has become uncharacteristically volatile because of an extraordinary constitutional development: the elective dictatorship is no longer very dictatorial.
"In the spectrum of what we are dealing with, it is not the major case of the year," he says.
The other is Peter Holland, formerly deputy general manager, who was appointed director of corporate affairs, effective immediately.
Survivors interviewed by Notimex in Topolobampo said panic broke out on board as passengers saw the smoke and flames and began rushing for the life rafts.
Sandoz agreed to buy 60% of SyStemix for $392 million, extending a wave of foreign purchases in the U.S. biotechnology industry.
But it's not quite as much fun, Ms. Miller said.
It's an alternative way to get two things done at lunch." Marion Barry's lawyer is portraying Rasheeda Moore as a vengeful ex-lover who trapped the mayor in an FBI sting operation because he had abandoned her for another woman.
"Unfortunately, these appeals proved fruitless.
MoDo, for example, is believed to have saved about SKr1bn (Pounds 96.7m) over the last three years through cost- cutting.
Among other things, the gel kept oozing from between the two layers of glass.
As democracy blooms in Eastern Europe, as Soviet troops return home and tanks are destroyed, dismantled, there is less need for nuclear systems of the shortest range.
The base agreement, covering Clark Air Base, Subic Bay naval station and four smaller installations, expires in September 1991, and a dozen of the 23 members of the country's Senate favor closing them.
Yesterday's consumer credit data show the recovery is taking hold, but the balance of payments is too fragile to sustain consumer-led growth for long.
'Can you tell me why your credit card department will not deal with my sex shop?' Such stories are rife in the lore of general meetings.
Doctors at Baragwanath Hospital, the main hospital in the black township outside Johannesburg, performed two preliminary operations in October in preparation for Tuesday's surgery.
It is not directly tied to child-care expenses.
The Census Bureau says the number of men and women 18 years old and over will exceed 186 million by this fall's congressional elections, nearly eight million higher than in the 1986 off-year vote.
But when he and his wife, a Wall Street lawyer, decided to move to New York, they paid $575,000 for a three-bedroom condo on East 80th Street in June.
On the busiest street-corner in Houston, Bob Landauer works in the hottest segment of the fastest-growing sector of the U.S. economy.
Even President Bush is finding it politically advantageous to call for elimination of campaign-donation committees.
The annual aggregate dividends on this stock in prior years were less than $2 million.
But their survey of companies with ventures in China does reveal a pattern in 'second generation' ventures.
Instead, invoices must be made out to the company in the business traveller's home country. Understandably, given the complications, many companies do not bother to reclaim.
The group is led by Glen Ceiley, president of Bisco of Anaheim, Calif., which makes specialty application fasteners and electronic parts.
Julia groped for the right words to explain Romero's emergence as a vocal human rights advocate as the situation deteriorated in El Salvador and emerged in a full-scale war that still persists between leftist rebels and the U.S.-supported government.
Known as the Meisner effect, this creates opportunities for cryocoolers in magnetically levitated transport (Maglev) and for levitating flywheels to store cheap energy for electric cars, says Lockerby.
Sihanouk, who supports the Khmer Rouge, said recently he wanted to be "neither president, nor member" of the supreme council.
He was once appointed by Noriega as Panama's honorary consul general in Israel.
Eastern offers Machinists new contract that would reduce pay but keep it 13 percent higher than employees who took 1986 cut.
With the 15-minute clock running, a band of senators piled off elevators in the subway lobby of the Hart Senate Office building.
"The accused is in effect shown in two places at the same time. But the court verdict never referred to this contradiction," Sheftel said.
Far from the $50 million its organizers had dared to hope might be spent on 47 horses, Fasig-Tipton's sale in Lexington, Ky., last Saturday managed to pry only $30.7 million from the buyers of 39 horses.
Fifty-six foreign companies are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and another 49 are traded on the American Stock Exchange.
Companies with interlinked local and wide area networks invariably use network management tools to warn them of network failure.
Summer rain fell along the East Coast early today from New York to North Carolina, cloudy skies and some fog blanketed parts of the Midwest, while clear skies and dry weather prevailed in most of the West.
"It's a figure that's never talked about, except in the smallest circles" he declares.
Most of the 23 have deferred their initial two-year stints until they graduate, meaning that possible six-year jail terms loom in the future.
The governor has remained neutral as polls showed his former wife in a close race with Larrie Bailey, a former state treasurer.
The latest reading brings the average for the first eight months to 56.3%.
Some years ago, it did.
This difference is crystallized in the tax pledge.
"What is a very simple task becomes very complicated" in Chapter 11, he says.
His 20,000 mostly Christian troops have been fighting an alliance of Syrian and Druse forces in and around Beirut for the past four weeks.
In addition, the company said it expects to post a loss for the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 of about $5 million on sales of about $23 million.
The drug cartels responded with an offensive of their own. Police blame them for hundreds of bombings and other attacks that have left nearly 300 people dead.
He was a hypersensitive man unable to bring together the male and female components of his personality, and in the grip of a terror of losing the boundaries of self'.
Reggie Wyckoff of Genoa, a third-generation Colorado farmer who operates a 6,000-acre farm homesteaded by his grandfather, became president of the 60,000-member wheatgrowers group last week and immediately made some pessimistic observations.
Today, his 1,000 acres of land and the sheep on it are worth less than half what they were four years ago.
Several Indian newspapers reported Sunday that the government was considering the construction of fences along parts of the Indo-Pakistan border as well as increased patrols.
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS: Wheat prices finished lower.
But the United States remains committed to German membership in NATO," Bush said.
Prosecutors said the four defendants, who are all white, were not part of an organized racist group.
Under Baker's plan, the two sides would discuss Shamir's proposal to hold elections in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
"Maybe at the first stage it will lead to tension but if we see it in longer perspective, I assume it will eventually bring a relaxation," he said on Israel radio.
"As you liberalize the withdrawal features of IRAs, there will be less savings for retirement," says Geoffrey Bobroff, a senior vice president of Lipper Analytical Services.
"George Bush was on the defensive," said Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.
The Iranian official also denied a recent report by diplomatic sources in the Middle East that China delivered 50 J-6 and F-7 fighter jets to Iran before a cease-fire in the Iran-Iraq war took effect Aug. 20.
At current market prices such an offering would add about $1 billion to Citicorp's equity, and would help bolster its capital following the company's recent addition of $3 billion to loan-loss reserves.
He will also meet with reporters.
Butler's original idea was to make something operatic out of 'American comic-book narrative and design of the 1930s to '50s', and especially a disoriented Superman-figure (Craig) from now.
One group decided to build a pleasure palace for the ski set in the Rockies.
The justices are being urged by prosecutors to reinstate a one-year jail sentence and $2,000 fine against a man accused of burning an American flag at a demonstration in Dallas during the 1984 Republican National Convention.
By the early '50s, some comic books were seriously nasty.
Unix International also disputed the idea that there was much difference in the technology, saying it would be able to deliver at about the same time as OSF the features that OSF claimed as advantages.
Newton's Distributor fund is an international fund aimed at those seeking income. Two of the funds are unit trusts, the rest are investment trusts.
A wider look at the issue is needed, and a useful starting point might be consideration of what investors want an index to tell them.
It is "most unlikely, if not inconceivable" that supervisors will go back on what has been agreed, he said.
Now, with Du Pont's help, he has redesigned the casing, and new cables are being tested on a rig owned by Du Pont's Conoco Inc.
When he gave tapes for mental rehearsal to Paul Rendall and Jeff Probyn, England's props, he received a dusty answer.
The labor dispute began Sept. 18 when Castle & Cooke sold one of its plants to independent packers and transferred the workers without giving them salary increases.
It is starting to move into the higher-volume voice telephony market. Concert is the cornerstone of the Dollars 5.3bn (Pounds 3.35bn) alliance between BT and MCI forged in mid-1993.
If they did well, they could be promoted to distributor and put in control of larger amounts of drugs.
Delaware Resources has several gold properties in western Canada.
Sales in the year grew to about $52.5 million from the year-earlier $45.1 million, Jewelmasters said.
The fire was sparked June 29 by lightning.
Apart from all the fundamental factors affecting stock prices, the mentality of this new buyer may affect market behavior for the foreseeable future." Excitement over the funds' new clout helped propel stock prices to new highs in the past week.
Occasionally, they lay on a disco or visit to a movie for members.
McFarlane could have received a four-year prison term and a $400,000 fine for pleading guilty to four misdemeanor charges of withholding information from Congress.
I am advised there are very few documents requested by the inquiry which my department has been unable to provide,' he said.
Her presence irritated union officials, who allege that her group _ Positive Employee Action Committee at Eastern, or PEACE _ is sponsored by the airline's management.
End of State Department text.
But if you are just that fraction more sedentary, you can equally well drive round them in a couple of days.
That will about end a string of major sales of assets forced by BankAmerica's loan losses over the past two years, unless BankAmerica reverses its decision to keep its Seafirst Corp. unit.
The mergers which created SmithKline Beecham and Bristol-Myers Squibb, and Roche's agreed acquisition of Syntex in May, were steps in this direction.
Schering-Plough's interferon alfa-2b is one of two genetically engineered interferons on the market.
NEARLY 1,000 FANS are jammed into the gym in Panora, Iowa, to watch the Panora-Linden High School girls basketball team, and they are going nuts.
ZZZZ Best shares closed yesterday at $10.125, up $3.375, in national over-the-counter trading.
Since impeachment is the ultimate political punishment, the word would seem to be one that would get any president's attention. Nixon resigned rather than face an impeachment trial in the Senate.
Miami did not specifically outlaw the practice, but police have arrested washers occasionally on charges of impeding traffic.
Jesus Christ's teachings are being ignored by those who would prevent others from seeing "The Last Temptation of Christ," says actress Barbara Hershey, the movie's Mary Magdalene.
Mr. Goncharov therefore regularly makes spotchecks.
Some analysts say success will require a huge marketing budget, and they question whether Mr. Murdoch's programming budgets will be large enough to lure people from four existing channels and other planned new services.
U.S. officials argue that Angolan forces have far bigger stockpiles of weapons than the rebels, and an arms cutoff now would place UNITA at a disadvantage.
The applicants include the Japan Broadcasting Corp. and Europe's major TV manufacturers, which already are beginning to implement their own systems overseas.
"We have the structure, people and plan," Mr. Isler said in a statement.
The December calendar usually is filled with cases granted review the previous spring, but since the justices appear unlikely to fill even the November argument calendar, they aren't likely to have enough cases ready to hear in December.
Yugoslavia's federal presidency charged that Slovenia was violating a day-old peace accord by failing to lift a blockade of army units, continuing to hold police prisoners and failing to deactivate territorial defense units.
"I love hiking with my wife, but I've found that I also need time alone with the wilderness," he says, because "the solitude and closeness with the earth is much more intense." But long walks aren't as free as they used to be.
GATT has its headquarters in Geneva.
Indeed, Mr Byatt made plain that substantial real price increases will be required if tough environmental standards are to be met.
The company's Ethicon unit also introduced a new series of internal stapling instruments for use in surgery.
Foreign firms may control as much as 30% of the ventures' capital, and in October 1992, up to 49%; they must invest 5% of sales in local research and development.
Those showed more feed grain on hand than had been indicated previously.
The number of people subjected to what the FAA defines as "unacceptable" noise levels has decreased to 3.2 million from seven million in the early 1970s, and is expected to decline to one million by 2010.
In 1929, aviator Charles Lindbergh married Anne Spencer Morrow in Englewood, N.J.
"If Eastern's management is not permitted to take the actions to save this company, then Eastern may run out of cash," Lorenzo said.
No substitutions are allowed.
Profits jumped 23 per cent to Pounds 12.8m.
His subsequent absence from the Senate has forced a delay for weeks of an override attempt.
Susman's study was published today in Science, the journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The scheme would not offer protection on an all-risk basis, though. Instead, it would pay out in the case of proven fraud, theft and other misappropriation.
He'd be a fool if he didn't,'" recalls Mr. Whitaker.
As expected, Wickes said Tuesday that it ended its tender offer for Lear Siegler.
Lawmakers have been skittish about financial-services protection in the wake of thrift and banking problems. Moreover, Congress and the Bush administration are considering breaking down some of the barriers between banks and securities firms.
Fish is also imported for processing.
His accounts dropped 30% on Thursday and are down about 50% so far this year.
The EIA's October report said that 43 companies delivering natural gas to industrial users "have consistently misreported their monthly industrial" deliveries following introduction of a new reporting form in January.
"Since we are celebrating the presence of the papacy on American shores, every object has been commissioned by or given to the pope," said Robert Bergman, director of the public museum.
But he said his wife, who is out on bond, has suffered enough by spending time in jail.
'He likes to be around a Gateway of just 200 people again.' Founded a year before Gateway, Dell, which plunged into loss for the first time in 1993, is further down the road to adulthood - and struggling.
Residential areas, schools and politics are the main institutions that remain legally segregated.
But this time, China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4.
But the business outlook cannot be isolated from the trauma affecting the rest of the West Country holiday trade.
In 1990, U.S. exports to Mexico reached $28 billion, which translates into roughly 550,000 jobs in the American economy.
In 1958 Mr. Paton founded the Liberal Party.
Many weather researchers hesitate to pronounce any conclusion on global warming, pointing out that too little is known about the threat to make a judgment.
During the evacuation, he said, residents "were real calm; they were orderly.
Frequency, a maker of microwave parts, had sales of $36 million in the year ended April 30.
Elsewhere in Baku, her father was wounded and died several days later.
Not all of this, of course, feeds through the Seattle region: Portland tends to lead where grain and car shipments are concerned, and Vancouver is the obvious entry-exit point for Canada.
Federal officials say FBI agents and Coast Guard officers found anarchy on hurricane-ravaged St. Croix just hours after the Virgin Islands' governor gave emphatic assurances the island was peaceful.
Turnout was put at 67% for the referendum, the second round of free elections since the overthrow of the Ceausescu regime two years ago.
ABC, a unit Capital Cities/ABC Inc., and NBC, a unit of General Electric Co., are both profitable.
Yesterday, a Gemini spokesman said the partnerships plan to put up $40 million toward financing and are negotiating with a major commercial bank and a prominent investment bank for the rest.
The news agency said 10,000 people converged on the site in Patna, capital of Bihar state, one of the poorest of India's 25 states.
Other companies include IBM, Abbey National, Digital Equipment and Hoechst UK.
She is also quick to point out that 35 of the schools 550 students are black, up from 15 in the 1985-1986 academic year.
"I've played 26-game seasons here before, but they were at the beginning of the schedule, not the end," he notes.
Wise young Schubert to give up opera and move on to better things.
Republican Richard Nixon ended eight years of Democrats in the White House in 1968, a year when rainfall was slightly above median, but which followed dry years in 1966 and 1967.
Master-class teacher Ada Kopetz-Korf takes a wary look at the playback unit and the computer screen a few feet away before summoning Alex Wu to play the Saint-Saens Concerto No. 2 in G minor.
The Assembly of Turkish-American Associations is teaching its 10,000 members in 44 chapters across the country how to organize letter-writing and telephone campaigns aimed at legislators.
So there must have been some method that led him to accumulate thousands of objects from a Federal four-poster bed to a cache of Bakelite baubles, and to horde silver and plastic in equal measure.
All the party leaders speak of the need to negotiate to resolve the legislative crisis after the election, but "they agree on little else," said an analysis in today's Yomiuri Shimbun, a conservative national daily.
Last year, 2,047 dinners were distributed.
O&B Income Fund I has sued both API and AREP, seeking to block the sale of AREP without the consent of a majority of the partnership units.
Eagle Star said most insurers would now examine such cases and could agree to pay out if they felt they would lose less than by going through an entire repossession. The insurer would still have the right to pursue the borrower for the shortfall.
Gold-certificate programs, in which investors purchase gold stored and insured by banks, have been especially popular.
An emergency request submitted in behalf of Kou's father, Ger Xiang of Fresno, said the surgery ordered by a state judge would violate religious freedom and parental rights.
Shares in TI Group, which last night held a presentation for investors at Kleinwort Benson, were in demand, adding 8 at 345p.
Housing changed little from June, and non-residential building edged up.
The company said it has raised prices, which "should have a positive effect" on 1988 results.
The cash payment and manufacturing costs will be funded from cash reserves.
"There are no make-or-break occasions in this campaign.
If a company does only short-term, incremental innovation, it is failing to prepare for the future. It is hastening the inevitable decline of its business. Most radical innovations are less surprising than they seem.
The problem is that the Griffin Bells, Ed Meeses and Dick Thornburghs lack any credibility in spearheading an investigation of wrongdoing by a political associate; they either are too close personally or too ambitious politically.
(35) "Facts of Life," NBC, 15.0.
And that, health-care providers and administrators say, will mean more fights like the one in South Carolina.
Several of the violations affected crews returning from long international flights.
White, who became a nationally known advocate for the rights of children with the deadly virus to attend public schools, was near death in the intensive care unit of an Indianapolis hospital.
Last April, the Customs Service said the company submitted an offer of $12 million to settle alleged violations of U.S. import restrictions.
Yazov was firm on that." Carlucci said the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, Adm.
Such panels can be time-consuming and costly to run.
'We are busy building the base of the pyramid.' Undoubtedly, this is the right approach.
The State Equal Rights Division is investigating to determine if Ms. Dew was a victim of discrimination, said John Kimble, program supervisor of investigation in the agency Milwaukee office.
"Generally speaking, I think the population is very nervous about the military raising its head again," said Yukihiko Ikeda, a member of parliament from the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, and son of a former prime minister.
Japan reported Tuesday its net overseas assets soared to a record of about $240 billion in 1987, making it the world's largest creditor nation for the third year in a row.
She was wounded, thrashing around on the ground in a lot of pain.
However, that ruling left the political parties free to adopt any rules they want restricting themselves.
As night stretches into the early hours, only the optimists remain by the riverbank and even they head for their beds a few hours before dawn.
Customs Service boardings of noncommercial vessels in the Atlantic Ocean near Florida, the Gulf Coast and the Caribbean fell by one-quarter last year to 3,710 from 1987.
Stock prices gained slightly while the dollar lost ground in Tokyo trading today as traders reacted to lackluster market performances abroad.
Investor's Bank, which is 77.3 percent controlled by the Boston-based interstate bank Eaton Vance Corp., already holds custody assets worth an estimated $9 billion.
If so, it would be natural for the oil giant to turn to J.P. Morgan.
"I worked hard, I put in some long hours and I devoted whatever time was required to the job thoroughly," he said.
The correct figures can be obtained by removing the leading numeral 3. The correct price for Cocoon's coats is Pounds 200.
"It created tremendous pressures, appearing that the Louisiana district was trying to dictate its judgment," Cummings said.
With so much uncertainty surrounding the political situation in Japan, an early resolution of the trade dispute between the US and Japan cannot be expected.
Mr. Friedman had been executive vice president and general counsel of E.F. Hutton Group Inc.
Aoun began the warfare in January by moving to crush Samir Geagea's militia, the main challenger to Aoun's authority in the Christian region.
A spokesman for Chicago-based USG hadn't any comment on the filing.
SCIENTOLOGY The court let stand rulings that denied the Church of Scientology of California federal tax-exempt status for three years.
Airline analysts said they think AMR could be worth more than $120 a share, or more than $7.2 billion, based on measures used in the recent $3.65 billion takeover of NWA Inc., parent of Northwest Airlines, by Los Angeles investor Alfred Checchi.
I wanted to help China but I see now that there is no hope." Chinese media criticized the Voice of America and U.S. television networks for their coverage of the violence in Beijing.
The directors are not paying a final dividend on the ordinary shares.
If you pay good money you can bring 30,000 or 40,000 litres of diesel.
The U.S. automaker received an accreditation permit to open the offices.
Exports rose 47%, to $4.90 billion, while imports doubled, to $3.84 billion.
The Air Force pronounced the tests of the sinister-looking, black-and-gray flying wing a success and said high-speed tests of the radar-evading nuclear bomber would be conducted later this week with a view toward its first flight soon afterward.
President Vinicio Cerezo and Defense Minister Alejandro Gramajo said rebel air force troops backed by two helicopter gunships and an A-37 warplane blocked two major highways and tried to march on Gramajo's house.
For about two years, the cooperative station has sold its gasoline to the public at a lower profit margin than most stations.
"All Citibank has been doing is sounding out various financial institutions to determine the acceptability of various changes from the original offer," the statement said.
But Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., said it merely marked progress "to the 50-yard line" on the issue.
Featured inside were news briefs, sports briefs, 1 p.m. stock data and the latest filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, as well as short stories on the top news of the day.
MCI said that without long-distance carriers' billing and collection services, adult 900 services will have to provide their own billing services through other arrangements, such as third-party billing services.
Kraft admitted as much in announcing the restructuring.
TRY GROUP, the contractor and housebuilder, yesterday warned against what it called an alarming trend of below-cost tendering in the industry. At the same time, it reported net attributable losses reduced from a restated Pounds 3m to Pounds 1.93m.
Gold prices moved higher.
Loftus, Assembly speaker since 1983, announced his candidacy at Sun Prairie High School, where he graduated in 1963.
"He has referred to 'taking the hammer approach' with the agency before," said one consumer advocate.
The amendment to cut the military was defeated by voice vote.
'I am a church bell,' says the latter.
Mr. Bolger, whose firm has been polling for congressional candidates, says Mr. Bush's insistence that the country was already on the rebound gave voters the sense that he was "listening to the economists" instead of to the people.
A new wet weather system was expected to reach the northern Pacific Coast on Thanksgiving day, bringing warmer temperatures and locally heavy rainfall will be locally heavy.
Bassett said the plan wasn't adopted in response to any specific attempt to acquire control of it.
Both states are pinning their hopes on small business. "Ultimately, it will be entrepreneurial programs that will help revive the economy," says Iowa Gov. Terry E. Branstad.
The review found no need to reopen the case, the paper said.
Hanson itself invested another Dollars 300,000 in an interest-bearing debenture, of which all but Dollars 30,000 was subsequently repaid. For a time Emergency Networks was successful.
A second ambulance was dispatched, and within three or four minutes the service was inundated with calls reporting a gunman on the loose and people lying injured in the streets, he said.
He said his leukemia worsened about a year and a half ago, but "I've outlived the prognosis of my doctors." Brucker is to hear any objections to the settlement and decide whether to give it final approval at a Sept. 21 hearing.
"I think the union leadership ought to exercise a leadership role and lead the miners back to work." Trumka and chief union spokesman Joe Corcoran did not return repeated phone calls over the past nine days seeking comment about the strike.
Once virtually unheard of except at the local level, walleye tournaments are big business across the western two-thirds of the country.
'You get more consumer protection when you buy a sandwich on a train than when you enter a private hospital.
Yugoslavia, which has about 20 different ethnic groups, is a communist federation of six republics and two autonomous provinces formed after World War II.
Bush and Gorbachev will hold talks Saturday and Sunday on U.S. and Soviet warships anchored in Malta's Marsaxlokk Bay.
If his account was overdue, titch.
The price paid by the Paris fashion house included cash and the assumption of certain outstanding liabilities of the unit, Squibb said.
At the boarding house, neighbor Celia Lopez, 37, described Gonzalez as someone who did not seem to have many friends.
The workers can be motivated, and the company reach its full potential, only when management embraces the employees' perspective.
He said talks were still progressing at "other levels" even though Japan's chief negotiator on the project returned on Tuesday to Tokyo.
But despite these strides, some analysts believe that KGF will have to unleash many more new products to make good on its bid to be biggest and best.
The 10-year notes yield nearly a full percentage point more than the three-year notes.
The attacks raised the casualty toll to 11 dead and 45 wounded since fighting began Sunday between the Shiite Jaafar clan and residents of the Catholic town of Qoubaiyat, 70 miles northeast of Beirut.
In its latest earnings report, Six Flags disclosed that it may have to "seek the protection of the federal bankruptcy laws" if it can't modify certain credit agreements with banks.
Earl Spencer said that Diana, the Princess of Wales, had met Victoria and fully approved of the wedding.
London's gold and silver markets were closed for a bank holiday today.
He noted that Hembrick-Ha was listed almost at the bottom of the day's small-print official schedule that mixed bouts carded for morning and evening sessions, and for the two rings on which action was to be staged.
Sharp criticism from Sen. Alan Cranston will not block action on the nomination of San Francisco attorney Vaughn Walker for a federal judgeship, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee says.
Black Americans suffer six times more tuberculosis than whites do, and one important reason appears to be a genetic susceptibility to the disease, according to a study today.
Frost established FWG Associates Inc., his for-profit research firm, and began to channel much of his grantgetting talent into the for-profit venture.
Members of the nine Palestine Liberation Organization factions as well as independent figures made the recommendation after three days of talks aimed at convening a meeting this year of the Palestine National Council.
The fetus was unharmed, they said.
No less is needed in celebrating this unique opportunity.
If necessary, he can tell the strings exactly what he wants in terms of "how much bow to use in a piano or a forte, how much more air I need so the sound has more flexibility."
Winning is a habit.
Demand has been hurt by the Persian Gulf war, which is interfering with Middle East purchases, and by the Soviet Union's economic and political problems, analysts said.
Editors at the Observer interviewed Clarence Thomas before hiring her in February 1990, and Mr. Thomas "gave her a good recommendation," Mr. Tozer said.
In the past five years, the PRI has lost two governorships, and conceded a third after a disputed election - the first time it has ever lost such elections.
Aganbegyan and other economists have promised consumers the state will compensate them for higher prices.
Quayle has said there is no good guy-bad guy strategy at work. But on such topics as East-West relations, he tends to emphasize the negative while Bush deals with the positive.
"It wasn't a difficult flight.
Congressional and administration negotiators have agreed to give the president authority to block foreign takeovers of U.S. companies if the change in ownership would threaten national security.
While he doesn't expect a significant unwinding of those positions that have been built in cyclical stocks over the past two months, he does expect those stocks to underperform the market for a while.
"It will clearly be a record for our company, which is impressive for 80 to 90 days from when our accuser first came at us," Mazza said.
The pretax loss stemming from its 50 percent stake in US Sprint was $69.1 million, down from $120.5 million a year earlier, while US Sprint's total revenue for the quarter rose 23 percent to $759 million.
Ribi ImmunoChem Research Inc. said a venture capital subsidiary of SmithKline Beecham PLC exercised warrants for 94,647 Ribi shares at $5 a share.
Crop prices have been volatile, largely due to speculation over crop yields.
Ms. Loustallot and her translator, Fabienne Goldberg, were working for the network's human rights program, "Resistances," according to program spokesman Noel Mamere in Paris.
Afterward, he approached Meltzer in the hallway with a big smile and thanked him.
Do you think they have a legitimate grievance about Atwater's conduct during the campaign? A. No. No, and I think that it's a good thing he's on the board.
The studies will not focus on changes in labor contracts, Frank said, although he said union leaders will be involved in discussions with Perot.
The sharpening stones, which come in several degrees of fineness, attach to a guide rod which feeds through a hole in the jig.
The Federal Reserve Board's policy-making arm, known as the Federal Open Market Committee, is scheduled to meet next Tuesday and Wednesday to plan credit strategy for the next several weeks.
Inflation in June was led by a 44.21% rise in food prices, the institute said.
The action included a rare decision by the board to make straight payments rather than arranging a takeover by another institution.
Chris didn't think he would fall asleep." The bird, which Cota said had "a great personality," was buried near Universal Studios, Cota said.
The company has lost its premier spot in personal computer software to Microsoft Corp. of Redmond, Wash., and faces the prospect this quarter of an unaccustomed earnings decline.
"You are kind of putting professionals up against amateurs," said retired Marine Lt.
This victory owes its heart to two great heroes: Alexander Dubcek - 22 years ago he led this nation in its first sweet taste of liberty.
A subsequent recovery ran into strong resistance at Dollars 1,920 a tonne and at yesterday's close three months copper was quoted at Dollars 1,892 a tonne, down Dollars 9 on the week. Aluminium fared no better.
Largely because of his father's connections, Collor de Mello was appointed mayor of Maceio, capital of Alagoas state, in 1979.
Maya was in a stroller and her 18-month-old brother was in Sanches' arms, Rosenthal said.
Lunching at Sun Valley, Arnie noticed a pair of steel-blue eyes boring into him from the next table.
The reserves act as a buffer against unforseeable events, such as volatility in foreign exchange or higher interest rates, which could cause borrowing costs to rise or borrowers to cease making payments.
Automobile borrowing expanded $951 million in July after a $2.55 billion increase in June.
There is a switch in the cockpit that allows a pilot to assume manual control of the stabilator, the Army says.
This would largely reflect the rationalisation moves.
Bonn was embarrassed by reports German companies had helped Iraq obtain chemical arms and had extended the range of Iraq's Soviet-made Scud missiles.
Details on the proposal for the B-2 were not immediately available, the sources, who requested anonymity, said Friday.
The DGE on Wednesday recommended that Ceasar's casino be shut down for an undetermined period for violating equal opportunity and anti-discrimination provisions of the Casino Control Act, New Jersey law and the federal Civil Rights Act.
They are going to be around for years.
Officials for both shuttle services noted that jet fuel prices have jumped recently and, more generally, said their fares reflected their expenses.
The most elaborate come complete with floor plans, color-coded diagrams, price lists and payment schedules.
Three mediators worked out an agreement with representatives of both sides that calls for a cease-fire, assurance that "there is no intention to liquidate the Lebanese Forces" and renunciation of the use of arms to resolve political differences.
Can "Masterpiece Theatre" make a compelling human story out of the discovery of insulin?
Transport Secretary Paul Channon said the advice was of little importance because similar information had been disseminated a month earlier by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and by West Germany.
While the cost-containment effort played a significant role in limiting Chrysler's losses, it wasn't the only factor.
The ConAgra merger, a stock swap arrangement, would be worth about $60 a share to Holly Farms stockholders.
Pro-democracy supporters also taje to the streets in Plauen, Eberswalde-Finow and Suhl.
The objective is to avoid the type of snafu that forced Dukakis out of prime time in 1984, the first year the three networks passed up gavel-to-gavel coverage in favor of an abbreviated approach.
It would be very useful to discuss the "problem with the Vietnamese authorities and seek their cooperation in stopping the ouflow (of boat people) and in repatriating those who are not geninue refugees," the statement added.
"The exploration of space has benefits for the United States that go far beyond the quantifiable," the president said in the budget plan he presented in January.
Michael Huckstaedt, 19 of Farson, Wyo., because the taillights weren't working.
However, an OCAW spokesman pointed out that in the lengthy strikes of the past, "you see breakdowns in operations of one type or another."
The KGB went so far Wednesday as to show a film to journalists, "The KGB Today," billed as the first documentary about the organization and slated for distribution both inside and outside the Soviet Union.
Other crimes are rising too.
The support was solid for the free trade agreement in Mulroney's native Quebec, the French-speaking province where entrepreneurship is credited for a 1980s economic revival, and in the Western oil-and-gas center of Alberta.
The purchase covers Pergamon Orbit Infoline, a U.S.-based electronic-publishing business, and other software and publishing interests of Pergamon Holdings, which owns 51% of Maxwell Communication.
Trading volume was a modest 391.8 million shares, compared with Tuesday's 557.4 million issues.
The public at large, however, was only antagonized by the bubble, which priced it out of the housing market.
UAL gained 4&rsqb; to 155 on word that Gerald Greenwald was leaving his job as vice chairman of Chrysler Corp. to lead a proposed buyout of UAL's United Airlines.
The new brokerage firms also eagerly await automation.
He was reportedly caught with a prostitute at a New Orleans area motel by rival evangelist Marvin Gorman last October.
But the characters are celluloid, the scenes a cartoon pastiche mixing Raymond Chandler with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He said that "some economists estimate that the moratorium cost the country at least one to two billion dollars" when the banks retaliated by cutting off short-term credits and taking other measures.
It said the wife and child were unhurt and were in Hungarian custody, adding that the family failed in an earlier border-crossing attempt.
Sysco Corp. said it sold Continental Coffee Co. to Quaker Oats Co., a Chicago-based maker of packaged foods and toys.
He added that Security Pacific hopes to continue discussions in "the near future".
My task today is to instil that confidence.' In some cases, it sounds as if cuts in spending are to come out of industry's hide.
What is going to happen now?
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals had upheld the two convictions, for which Gomez had been sentenced to 10 years in prison and 10 years' special parole and Chavez-Tesina to 20 years in prison and lifetime special parole.
The Wall Street Journal will be published in three sections rather than two starting in September in an effort to make the newspaper more convenient for readers to use, the chairman of Dow Jones & Co. said Wednesday.
More than 100,000 East Germans are expected to resettle in West Germany this year, leaving a gaping hole in the Communist nation's work force.
He suggested that further research on the plant's rate of pancreatic cancer and DDT examine the connection to diet.
Management had rejected that point Sunday.
Proponents say they can make the package work.
"I can't spend the time right now to set up a deal because I have a case to win and I can't stop until justice is served," he said.
Last week, the Federal Trade Commission filed a motion with the bankruptcy court asking for a delay in CNBC's acquisition of FNN, citing an antitrust investigation.
None. They're distribution and marketing companies.' And why have they become that?
It comes out of the pockets of the working men and women of America, and when government does not spend our money, it's not lost.
He says he promised Mr. Ashford he wouldn't say more on the subject.
Tennessee has suffered the same rural depopulation as much of the US. Many of the new jobs are in manufacturing plants, such as carmaking, or service industries such as healthcare or distribution.
In November, the latest month for which Bank Board statistics are available, the thrift industry had borrowed $85 billion using reverse repos.
Duarte proposed Abraham Rodriguez, the party's unsuccessful presidential candidate in 1967 elections, as a unity nominee.
Working out of his garage, Sanchez kept copious records of the victims of perceived rights abuses.
Few people monitor the number now, but BLS must still collect the data.
He learned fast, going on to captain the New York University team and play three years in the national championships at Forest Hills.
Also on Friday, territorial officials said 13 guerrillas have been killed in battles with security forces.
Henley's remaining assets would have a tangible book value of about $180 million, or $9 a share.
Holders of rights will be entitled to purchase one share of Flexi-Van common at a subscription price of $22.25 a share for each eight rights they hold.
Most scientists believe the glacial age, which lasted until about 10,000 years ago, was brought about by a gradual global cooling, perhaps triggered by a movement of the continents that blocked the exchange of warm water between oceans at the equator.
Charles LaBella, assistant U.S. attorney in New York, was quoted by the Honolulu Star-Bulletin as saying he spoke to Hibey about the examination results.
The FAA is seeking public and aircraft industry comments on its proposal.
In 1980, the three-months contract established a record $1.74, he noted.
A disaster response team from Miami's Metro Dade Fire Department established a communications center in Barbados, about 200 miles south of Hugo's path, to assess damage and coordinate emergency medical treatment throughout the Leeward Islands.
Nonetheless, Reed said despite the higher write-offs, Citicorp's commercial real estate business would continue to be profitable in 1990.
While the separate identities of Samuel Montagu, James Capel, Trinkaus & Burkhardt, Euromobiliare and Wardley will be retained, the plan is to run investment banking as a global business where overlapping activities are rationalised.
But commodity prices fell, leaving Fluor with $1 billion in high-interest debt on an asset that was losing value.
The cooks at home, she says, have neither the time nor the temperament to experiment with complex recipes that need tinkering.
His last name is not used to protect his family from harassment. "Being able to play with my brother and my friends is important to me.
Engineers replaced the unit with one from space shuttle Columbia and began the testing of it on the launch pad Tuesday.
His study estimated that the nation's population could rise gradually from the current 247 million to a peak of nearly 302 million by the year 2038 and then begin to decline.
Finance Minister Tatsuo Murayama told a news conference Friday that the nation's central bank is worried about price stability and high oil prices.
In a lantern-lit inner chamber, well away from the sight of the guests, Akihito will be assisted by two female attendants as he begins the rite.
July's toll was also three.
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens, the dollar ended down only modestly.
Because of the crisis, most observers are certain OPEC will never be the same again.
Nevertheless, the prime still is watched closely because bankers use it as a base rate on loans to many small and medium-size businesses.
About half the special police force, formed by putting officers on four hours of voluntary overtime after a full eight-hour shift, went to augment regular patrols in the south-central area, where gangs are most active.
Iraq said its jets bombed an Iranian natural-gas plant and an offshore oil field during raids in the Persian Gulf.
They also must face the wrath of parents who may lose sons and daughters.
But aircraft manufacturers' records show only 20 engine failures on some 47,150 such flights world-wide since 1985.
Students at Peking University hung posters calling for another pro-democracy demonstration Thursday in the capital's central Tiananmen Square.
In 1983, the trust began a fund-raising drive.
The dispute is developing into one that neither side can afford to lose.
The $5 million program debuted in the six schools in March.
'I don't want more hope than we can promise.
The company also announced that John L. Norton has replaced B. Z. Lee as chairman of the board.
Oh retired as chariman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in December and retains considerable influence in the military.
Mr Peter Brooke, national heritage secretary, has said that money should be spent mainly on capital projects. Eight consortia have bid for the licence to run the lottery and the winner is expected to be announced in May.
The rate depends on the amount invested and the length of time the capital is to be tied up, usually one to five years. Rates are tracked regularly by Baronworth (081-518-1218).
Peacekeeping budgets ended 1988 $355.2 million in arrears.
On one slip, cocaine was misspelled "cocain."
Like the schoolchildren's flock in the June 1 ceremony, the difficult negotiating process intended to end 10 years of civil war in El Salvador has also had a tough time getting off the ground.
Domestic demand would provide a 4.25-percent average growth rate, it said, while exports would provide negative growth of a half-percent annually.
Bush is almost forced to be more moderate.
The EC Commission is reviving a plan to fight global warming by raising the cost to users of oil, natural gas and coal.
So far 458 people have signed a petition seeking a referendum on the issue.
But they are few in number.
States and the federal government currently share Medicaid costs, with the program administered by the individual states.
A Democrat who aggressively questions affirmative action and quotas will be treated as a pariah by liberals. But a moderate candidate who ducks the issue won't be taken seriously by disaffected Democrats.
Actually, after adjusting for inflation, teacher salaries went up just 12.9% from 1983 to 1989.
The figures exclude 13 per cent 'don't knows'.
It has also prevented many Russian businesses from buying badly needed raw materials and equipment from the West.
Over the last 50 years, he said, "the market has become cluttered with all sorts of restrictions that Congress never intended.
He is a native of Texas, where his father was a foreman on the Santa Gertrudis division of the huge King Ranch.
Volume was a 425.8 million shares, modestly better than 309.0 million a day earlier.
Steven Norwitz, a vice president, says the Baltimore firm is "encouraged" by results of its new soft-sell approach.
The Justice Department's tax division turned down the magazine's FOIA requests, and a federal trial judge upheld the denial.
Seeking votes to clinch the state for the vice president, Reagan tried to churn up votes in arch-conservative Orange County at an exhuberant student rally at the local California State University-Fullerton campus.
In 1976, the British pound fell below the equivalent of two dollars for the first time.
The Bank said yesterday that 100 hours of a senior manager's time had been spent examining papers relating to the case. Mr Levy says Amro ignored warnings about Mr Picken.
First-quarter results from the utility, due on Thursday, are expected to reflect the profits warning issued by Richard Giordano, chairman, at the annual general meeting last month.
"You can stop right there," Mulheren said he told Davidoff. "I don't do those trades." The Senate voted to restrict logging and set aside 673,000 acres as protected wilderness in Alaska's huge Tongass National Forest.
Voluntary refugee workers from Peshawar to Bangkok to Hong Kong complain that UNHCR field offices are worried more about offending governments than speaking up for refugees.
Instead, the LDP has assumed that July's vote was merely a symbolic protest against political kickbacks and sex scandals.
Israeli aircraft bombed a radio station in Lebanon that the army said broadcast PLO propaganda.
Then the scope of perestroika should be narrowed," Yeltsin said.
Now there is speculation it will be frozen at $37 billion.
The resolution calls for decommissioning the 1,500 South African Defense Force soldiers still in Namibia, now confined to base under U.,N. supervision.
A senior administration official described the industry measure as "veto bait."
Peter Goelden, who ran for governor in 1987 as an independent, apparently hanged himself, police said.
Headed by Banque Indosuez, the lead managers include the recently privatised Banque Nationale de Paris, the state-owned Credit Lyonnais and the French arm of SBC.
Most major industries sit outside the city limits, providing no tax base, and it's estimated that more than half of city residents get government aid.
But demand has risen recently for volatile inverse floating-rate classes, which move up in yield when rates fall and drop in yield when rates rise.
Much of the interest in the identity of Abrams' successor stems from the uncertainty about the course Bush will follow on the two dominant hemispheric issues: Central America and Latin America's $420 billion foreign debt.
Lucius Cary, who started VCR 16 years ago, is the grandfather of the business angel introduction industry.
The south did not refer to troop reduction and its proposal was more vague.
U.S. drug companies' profits were hurt during much of the early 1980s because the strong dollar reduced the dollar amount of sales even though unit-sales growth remained brisk in foreign markets.
We want to negotiate.
They are found throughout the state, mainly in limestone deposits.
The company is running out of money because state law has prohibited it from charging ratepayers for Seabrook costs.
Mr. Guterman was left with many unsold units, and rent from tenants didn't cover interest costs, according to real-estate brokers and others in the industry.
The measure doesn't apply to federal, state and local governments or to private contractors who do intelligence or counterintelligence work for federal agencies.
Already, many businesses report they are unable to meet their loan and tax obligations, concentrating only on at least paying their workers.
In the background were the familiar backdrops from Rockwell's Saturday Evening Post covers _the Red Lion Inn, the pharmacy, the town hall and the fire station.
Securities analysts said Icahn's move, which helped boost Texaco's stock price, evidently reflected his impatience at the pace of the company's post-bankruptcy restructuring aimed at increasing the value of Texaco stock.
At every race, dozens of security men ring the track, binoculars at their eyes.
Zweig Total Return Fund Inc., a newly organized, closedend investment company based in New York, began trading with the symbol ZTR after its initial offering.
They must understand this is a moral position which they must take,' he says. However, he admits he is luckier than most.
It said wine, vodka and tobacco goods would continue to be sold at current, state-fixed prices.
"That's something that's very unfortunate in this country, that young singers often don't get paid and they do what I do, which is to support themselves in other ways," she says.
"It has burned to Pacific Coast Highway.
They'd have to think twice about trying that." Any move against the squatters on behalf of the landowners would contradict official propaganda.
In north-central Wisconsin, two people were hospitalized with injuries Sunday after high winds with rain and hail struck their mobile homes in Marathon County.
It is indeed unfortunate that enforced affirmative action has taken place.
State Board of Elections director Alex Brock said he is convinced that adequate safeguards are in place to prevent fraud.
But he said, "I do not think the people here have anything to worry about whatsoever."
The United States has generally held that East-West negotiations on the weapons should begin until the East's superiority in conventional arms is erased.
Tearlach Mac a' Phearsoin, spokesman for the Calgary Ku Klux Klan chapter, said Hamilton and Heggen had been registered supporters but not active members.
But Ueberroth's offer told a story in itself about the perceived worth of Eastern, one of the nation's most unprofitable airlines.
One question keeps coming up: Why is it efficient for North Dakota to follow one rule but South Dakota exactly the opposite?
Church officials in East Germany have intensified their calls for democratic change as well.
Nondurable goods orders were up 1.8 percent.
And now the holiday has become a little anticlimactic.
Simmons, 48, was sentenced to death last month for the slayings and on Thursday, Simmons asked the high court to hurry its review of his competency to waive appeals from last month's conviction.
Bush's main strategy in South Carolina has been to promote his close ties with President Reagan, who remains popular here.
Philips was out in front with a commanding lead over Sony Corp. and other Japanese companies that hadn't yet come up with the technology.
Earlier studies have found omeprazole to be superior to Tagamet, the other commonly prescribed ulcer medicine, in healing duodenal ulcers.
There were merry widow dresses too, complete with music-hall tights that had lace and garter effects under the full, bouncy skirts.
"Japanese bureaucrats will never instruct securities companies to manipulate the market, but they'll allow as though they'd let it happen," said Masakazu Kobayashi, a Kabuto-cho author and investor advocate.
One prisoner who failed to escape was found hanging from the window and three others were outside their cells.
The driver swerved but he still hit the bus," said Kristi New, 13, Modesto.
The diplomats said they did not want to specify the route taken in order to avoid cutting off the possible escape of others.
Quarterly revenue rose to $11.75 billion from $10.68 billion a year earlier.
The cutback in the KLM investment would reduce the Dutch airline's percentage of the $700 million in cash equity raised for the buyout from 57 percent to 25 percent, the Journal said.
"By the end of May we had closed deals on or signed contracts to sell 110,000 acres.
In the past two years, the justices struck down federal and state laws that made it illegal to burn a U.S. flag.
He said he jumped into the fray because of what he called a divisive anti-school busing initiative.
The changes would trigger pay increases of about 5 per cent on top of the national deal. The average 5.5 per cent rise under the national offer comprises 5 per cent for all manual workers plus Pounds 1.13 a week.
A separate action was not necessary. The mortgagors were entitled to object to items on the ground that they were unreasonable in amount, but any doubts were to be resolved in favour of Minories.
All the shares will be sold by shareholders.
"My mother thought the Hudson River divided civilization from the rest of the world.
Analysts at Salomon Brothers Inc. agree that improvement in the trade deficit is slowing.
Working with a 1990 budget of less than $200,000, Mr. Adams runs an army of 3,000 volunteers, about 700 of them working at any one time on one of his 60-odd "team projects."
You feel a certain responsibility, you feel a certain frustration, particularly in terms of these hostages," he said.
"It was a simple misunderstanding that I can understand," the lawyer said. "He obviously exercised poor judgment.
Pirelli fell 26 lire to close at 1,785 lire a share.
That continued an improving trend of recent years.
The agreement included an apology by Engelstad.
Poindexter, who also tried to distance himself from the transactions, testified that he never asked for a breakdown of how much money was funneled to the Contras.
It is a newly formed, closed-end management investment company, which will invest in U.S. and foreign government securities.
Applications for engineering courses are also falling, against the national trend. Will this change?
It will write call options (giving other people the right to buy shares at a set price) against part of its utility holdings.
The European market will continue to grow because of the Italian Mafia's intention to preserve its distribution monopoly and the Colombian cartel's desire to capture part of the market, according to the study.
The Jan. 15 deadline was prescribed in a United Nations Security Council resolution authorizing all means necessary to expel Iraq from Kuwait unless it withdraws on its own by then.
But the crew managed to guide the airplane to a crash landing at Sioux Gateway Airport in Sioux City, where emergency equipment and medics were waiting.
On a rare day off Saturday, Daniels sharpened tools and tinkered with his truck in the front yard, which adjoins a cotton field.
This demand for more and more tightness is at variance, though, with the real cause of much of today's inflation.
LaFonge officials denied any wrongdoing.
Manila's Cardinal Jaime Sin, who normally presides at religious events attended by the president, was absent from Saturday's ceremony.
"The fuel is in the wing, the engines are in the wing and the fuel lines are all right there," Boeing spokesman Tom Cole said in Seattle.
But state securities regulators said they think these are only the tip of the iceberg.
In today's banking environment, where stock prices determine who will acquire and who will be acquired, bank managers understandably want to achieve and maintain a healthy stock price.
"The shareholders will have some upside to look forward to."
Among opponents of the settlement is Fabi, the bank's biggest union.
But local residents quickly formed a grassroots organization to buy as much land as possible.
Residents blasted Mayor Andrew Young at an April community meeting, saying the mayor, a longtime civil rights leader, and his administration had no concern for the city's poor.
US industrial production (March); business inventories (February). THURSDAY: CBI survey of distributive trades (March).
Oils stocks did well, with British Petroleum advancing 2 pence to 364 pence ($6.82), Enterprise Oil rising 3 pence to 693 pence, and Shell up 2 pence at 491 pence.
The dollar rose against the Japanese yen and stocks closed higher today, despite the previous day's increase in Japan's official discount rate.
Judge Sessions received unanimous praise from members of the Senate committee yesterday.
The company, which operates Jersey Central Power & Light Co., Metropolitan Edison Co. and Pennsylvania Electric Co., said it wasn't aware of any possible suitors.
It's recalcitrant." Lang arrives at the theater two or three hours before the curtain goes up. "I'm chronically early," he says. "The deeper I get into a run, the more necessary it is for me to put in the time.
The Justice Department, which also was investigating, decided not to prosecute.
A protest also was lodged by a Jewish leader in Israel who condemned the treaty for failing to mention the Nazi Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were killed during World War II.
The FSLN, the Sandinista Party, in fact is rich in property and installations; before leaving office its leaders outfitted their party at the expense of the national treasury.
Canada and Switzerland, which helped in the two-year investigation dubbed Operation Polar Cap, each will receive $1 million of the fine, Attorney General Dick Thornburgh announced in Washington.
For fiscal 1987, Data General reported a net loss of $127.1 million, including a charge of $53.8 million related to restructuring, $26 million from settling a suit and $18.2 million from redemption of debentures.
The 26-year-old son of reputed mob boss John Gotti wasn't seen tying the knot at his neighborhood church Saturday afternoon, but that didn't stop assorted reporters and shutterbugs from staking out the building in anticipation of the rumored nuptials.
Hurt hardest by the increase in poverty and the earnings decline have been Hispanic married families, the study said.
Had any good pig snouts lately?
That would cost $9.5 billion over five years.
But doctors are equally worried about psychological effects.
Several other small companies that have won research grants say the lag time of several months in funding phase-one and phase-two projects also has often caused problems.
THE OMENS were not good.
"Clearly the issue is what are you buying.
While the House bill introduced by de la Garza and Madigan would continue minimum price support loan rates for cotton and rice, the Bush plan seeks their elimination.
Another name-reader at Parliament was Lithuanian-born Parliament speaker Dov Shilansky, a survivor of Dachau concentration camp in Germany, who lost aunts, uncles and grandparents to the Nazis.
"It's like one big parade, they won't let us break away," she said.
For whatever reason, Mr. Hudak decided to make an issue of Aircraft 934.
Serious Tory losses would worry the many MPs with constituencies in these areas, adding to pressures on Mr John Major's leadership. For Labour, the campaign also poses a difficult challenge.
Col. Ochoa resigned from the armed forces last month after 26 years of service because he was in disagreement with the policies of the Christian Democrat government.
The exchange on the issue at Malta, the source said "wasn't really a dialogue.
These individuals said that MacPherson was established by Drexel's high-yield bond department in Beverly Hills at Mr. Milken's direction.
He served in the state legislature before being elected to Congress, and in 1964 was state chairman of Barry Goldwater's Republican presidential campaign.
It took an exhaustive comparison of remains with dental, military and family records to finally identify Chiarello.
He also cited last year's Supreme Court ruling rejecting a suit against Hustler by television preacher Jerry Falwell, who was the subject of a sexual parody in the magazine.
As painful as they may be, recessions that are allowed to run their course set the stage for renewed, healthy expansion.
Millions of Iranians on Friday protested the U.S.-led forces in the Persian Gulf with chants of "Death to America!" and Iraq warned that war in the region would ravage other Arab states and Israel.
Opposition leaders in Burma demanded the release of Buddhist monks, students and others arrested during a crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations following Sunday's military coup.
James W. Glosser, administrator of the department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, said Thursday the restrictions are being lifted, effective today, on the movement of bees and equipment from those states.
The bonds were priced at 101 1/2 to yield 7.43% and are largely aimed at Swiss investors.
Retail banking will be allowed in locally-incorporated subsidiaries.
Japan's Diversification Non-steel revenue for Japan's five big steelmakers, as a percent of total revenue for fiscal year 1989 ended March 31, and estimate for fiscal years 1995-2000.
Several civilians exposed to fallout from the Nevada Test Site during the 1950s have won judgments in federal courts only to have them overturned on appeal because of a federal law that generally shields the government from lawsuits.
"On the basis of the evidence, the Bulgarian-Soviet link (to Agca) cannot be proved," an unnamed intelligence analyst told the New York Times in December 1982, when nobody knew what the evidence was.
It also called for revenge against the United States and Saudi Arabia for the death of Iranians at last year's Islamic pilgrimage in Mecca and condemned the United States for shooting down an Iranian passenger jet.
The aim is to ensure that it can make faster decisions. The job losses come on top of an announcement last November that about 700 jobs would be lost over the next four years as a result of the closure of the society's headquarters in Hove.
GHF executives immediately scored points with franchise owners by visiting each store and waiving royalty payments for four months.
"People are just not prepared for that.
U.S. trade negotiators told their German counterparts the affair was heightening trade tensions.
The light-hearted watches virtually created a market for fashion timepieces in the early '80s.
That purchase, combined with the Metromedia deal, would boost LIN's stake to 93 percent of the New York franchise.
"It fails to make even the most fundamental adjustments for health-care data and analysis."
The new stock buy-back replaces a $1 billion Schering stock buy-back program which had been three-quarters completed.
Between 199O and 2000, he predicts an 8 percent drop in the number of elderly migrating to Florida from the Northeast and Midwest.
Dolce resigned Sept. 30 from his $34,000-a-year job as a research analyst for the Army Material Systems Analyst Activity, an agency that evaluates weapons systems.
Earlier in Tokyo the dollar closed at 126.32 Japanese yen, up from 125.05 late Tuesday.
The company also owns a regional long-distance carrier, cellular telephone interests and a telecommunications equipment and service concern.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. has given no indication that it intends to seize Southeast.
The annuity pays the income - equivalent to a net 9.11 per cent per annum on the total invested - while the Pep is designed to grow to repay the annuity.
The measure calls for mandatory reduction of trade surpluses maintained by countries who restrict their own markets to U.S. goods.
If companies pay the same net dividend of 7.5p, non-taxpayers will get a tax credit of just 1.875p.
He has not only reduced his choice of suppliers but alerted the world to the risks of doing business with Malaysia.
Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in UAL Corp. and its predecessors since the early 1930s.
Some British auto-industry analysts think Ford may wait for the volatile Jaguar shares to settle down before purchasing the maximum 15% allowed under the British government restrictions.
Good weather, rather than improving business, resulted in fewer layoffs.
Before Iraq's invasion, several sections of the nation were mired in regional recession.
An NKK official declined to comment on the accident.
Officials of the Machinists union, the lone union still striking against Eastern, said Eastern's planes are flying at less than half capacity, despite the carrier's sharp fare discounting in hopes of luring back passengers.
A ADollars 4bn (Pounds 1.97bn) damages suit against Broken Hill Proprietary, Australia's largest company, is to be filed in Melbourne courts later this week by about 6,000 Papua New Guinea villagers.
There are lots of quotes from everybody, including poetry from a Cherokee woman and a swatch of Sufi wisdom.
Economic co-operation is seen as a bridge-building exercise aimed at ameliorating political differences. Before the break-up of the Soviet Union, all roads led to Moscow.
"This is not only or principally a U.S.-Danish issue," Mr. Shultz said.
Serbs have taken two thirds of Bosnia since Moslems and Croats voted for independence in March.
A bag of flour landed within yards of the duchess.
This increases the social security bill for the government, and was interpreted as making higher taxes in next month's budget more likely.
But there are plenty of savings ideas floating around, and some of them might work.
In 1776, a Colonel John Nixon gave the first public reading of the Declaration of Independence to a crowd gathered at Independence Square in Philadelphia.
Numerous aftershocks, including a shaker measuring 4.8 at 7:24 p.m., kept residents on edge throughout the area.
MR David Mullins, vice-chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board, yesterday told international swap and derivatives dealers that proper supervision of the derivatives industry would require far more than the status quo.
"U.S. investors didn't want to be left behind," Mr. Strongin said.
The entire burden of assessing whether land is fit for development will now fall on local authorities.'
If MLC forecasts are to be believed, prices should hold above break-even levels through the autumn and for at least the first half of 1995. Goodness knows, after 12 months of losses, they need to.
Incomes for salaried workers rose 6.3 per cent in the year to July, compared with a 1.8 per cent cut in incomes for manufacturing workers mainly because of lower bonuses and less overtime.
Sagel, who has the mental capabilities of a young child, did small tasks for his mother like going to the store or getting the paper, Ms. Casey said.
There is normally little fighting in Afghanistan during Ramadan, the Moslem month of fasting that began March 27. Khost, near Pakistan's western border, is the exception this year.
Also upgraded to engineering analysis status were preliminary evaluations of 1987-88 General Motors Astro and Safari minivans and 1989-90 Chrysler Cherokee Wagoneers.
Not tempted by a measly 10 per cent or so?
The Communists were ousted earlier in the westernmost republics of Slovenia and Croatia.
They said Japanese minivan exports to the US had soared to Dollars 1.2bn (Pounds 670m) in 1990.
The agency estimated that retooling to Class C cargo departments could take three years after the ruling goes into effect Sept. 25. The alternative design changes could be accomplished in one year.
The report Friday by the respected committee could help shift international debate from whether global warming exists to how to combat it.
But it also faces growing doubts over the future of the European Fighter Aircraft in which it is the main UK partner.
Nor did Mr. Davis try to visit any of the "campesinos" who are becoming a solid social base in support of the Contras, or even ask why so many former Sandinistas have defected and become supporters of those who are often said to have been Somocistas.
Tunis Air flies from London Heathrow to Tunis on Fridays, Sundays and Tuesdays.
It was to this end that discussions between the bishops and the economists were directed.
In February, however, Telecom said it retained Salomon Brothers Inc. to help identify potential acquisition candidates.
On New York's Commodity Exchange, gold for current delivery settled at $457.10 an ounce, up $1.
They would have 90 days to do so, and polls suggest that more than 80 percent of Arizonans believe the issue should be decided by the voters.
Stovall concedes the patterns in GM's stock chart aren't an infallible guide to the market outlook.
Dealers said major market players were resuming their cautious stance, as inflationary fears were thought to be creeping back into the market.
Kevin falls forward and is silent.
It is the latter two roles that brought the Aga Khan to Pakistan for this two-week visit.
After delays on spending cuts for Italy's 1992 budget and on revamping the bankrupt state pension system imperiled Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti's government, a last-minute accord was near.
The criminal charges resulted from a six-month investigation, which included the use of an undercover INS agent who posed as a plant worker, Fischer said.
After the Danish No vote and the feeble French Yes, the chancellor clearly felt that his political beliefs and instincts had been vindicated. What still has to be vindicated is the chancellor's belief that the UK economy will recover from recession.
Long Island Lighting Co. was defeated again in its attempt to recoup $750 million in damages for malfunctioning diesel generators at its Shoreham nuclear plant.
He said costs directly related to raw materials and production won't be subject to the cutbacks, but that all of the company's products and business units will be reviewed.
Dukakis flew to nearby Greenville, Texas, where he was greeted outside the airport by school children and a high school marching band.
"If you believe those kinds of numbers, the market is reasonabley priced," she says, but she is projecting $22 for this year.
In the year ending March 31, Indian Air is expected to post a loss of $25 million and Air India profit of $34 million.
A rending dispute over economic reforms has unsettled many people, who see no improvements in their life styles but hear increasingly about threatened inflation and mass unemployment.
He said he had regained almost 20 pounds.
Mr. Chapman, 44 years old, has broad experience in international business at a time when Pratt & Whitney is fighting to recover from the loss of a major commercial engine order from Japan Air Lines.
In 1879, Frank Winfield Woolworth opened a 5-cent store in Utica, N.Y.
All those good words," McCartney said, smiling broadly and grabbing hands to shake.
Orders to U.S. factories for "big-ticket" durable goods fell 2.8 percent in January, the biggest decline in a year, the government said.
Britain's high 15 percent interest rate to counter inflation is the underlying reason for the pound's strength.
The company plans to churn out 400,000 units of the rechargeable cells a month in the initial production year.
The official radio station said he was to depart today and arrive in New York in the afternoon.
He is a brother of Mohammed and Abbas Hamadi. Last night's release marked the first time that the Lebanese government was directly involved in the liberation of western hostages.
Though recent employment data has been favorable, "virtually all of the decline in consumer confidence was due to growing concern about jobs," said Fabian Linden, executive director of the board's Consumer Research Center.
"There was no peace from World War II till 1970." Given the historical problems, some officials maintain that eastern Indonesia hasn't done badly at all.
A shootout followed, and the escapees were captured in woods next to the park, Frayser said.
Other witnesses said the problem of child abuse was compounded by jurisdictional problems, the isolation of the reservations and a simple lack of money.
This time the planes killed 110 GIs and a general.
Incentives by Honda Reach Record Level HONDA MOTOR is resorting to Detroit-sized incentives to clear unsold Accords from its lots.
The real paradox, Mr. Grant says, is the raging of an "intergalactic bull market" amid signs of a "weakening credit structure."
But in 1984, a federal judge in Illinois ruled that such notes were also exempt from estate taxes.
She wound up going back to work the next Monday, after a follow-up visit the day after her release.
He then walked along a beam on the roof to the front of the building and jumped.
Less successful investors scour the chairman's annual statement for hints from the master. Buffett is routinely scathing about "institutional investors' - one of those self-contradictions called an oxymoron, comparable to 'lady mudwrestler".
Is it scandalous for a good, free-market-minded man to ask if it's possible to get some regulations to restore equilibrium to the marketplace?"
She scoffed at the claim by investigators that she was the "madrina," or godmother, of the gang.
DeConcini turned aside questions of whether MacDonald would be indicted but said material had been turned over to government prosecutors for evaluation.
After the shares' run yesterday more evidence of the new strategy's success is needed to push them much higher.
"If you look at people in rural areas, they're suffering.
Mrs. Stuart, who died Saturday, was national president from 1964 to 1968.
Most of the difficulty in getting grain from a seaport to a hungry refugee in the drought-stricken bush is due to guerrilla attacks on the transportation system.
On Monday, the Supreme Soviet refused to confirm incumbent Vladimir M. Kamentsev as minister of foreign economic policy.
Competing now with those stores is Benetton's offspring, Sisley, with higher-priced versions of its Benetton apparel.
Some foreign markets have been hurt more than others in the dollar translation.
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved.
Japanese markets were closed for Emperor Hirohito's birthday. The dollar was quoted at 124.80 yen in London, fractionally down from 124.82 yen at the close of business Thursday in Tokyo.
The London International Financial Futures Exchange fined a Cargill Inc. unit #25,000 ($39,492) and imposed other suspensions and fines for violations of its trading rules.
It's better to be here than to be alone," said shelter manager Bob Puett.
In an interview Tuesday with the French television network TF1, Miss Chai said the Chinese underground spirited them out of the country to safety in the West.
Roselle Como, wife of singer Perry Como, is recovering from quadruple bypass coronary surgery that she underwent at the Heart Center at Duke Hospital on May 26.
Teams of 10 to 20 policemen manned vehicle checkpoints throughout the city while others kept a constant surveillance over central Tokyo and the routes to the airports.
If the pact is accepted, Campeau is expected to sell many of Federated's retail chains to help pay the huge debt from the acquisition.
Secretary Edward J. Derwinski said he expected "swift approval" of the request, which would bring his department's spending this year to $29.2 billion.
The United States has refused to deal directly with the PLO until it recognized Israel and renounced terrorism.
The comparable figures for 1990 were 2.2m working days lost and 629 stoppages in progress.
BP had sales of 33.04 billion pounds, ($56 billion) or 47.40 billion ECUs in 1990.
A bank employee interviewed by the Associated Press during yesterday's strike explained, "We lack unity to confront these people who have all the arms and are disposed to use them."
The district had a record 372 homicides last year, and police said 60 percent of them were related to drugs.
The dollar opened at 121.60 yen on the Tokyo foreign exchange market Monday, up from Friday's close of 121.15 yen.
Though a company spokesman said Exxon hasn't made an offer for the pipeline, the company wouldn't rule out interest in the system.
On average, white patients waited slightly less than nine months.
But certainly, in an era of glass-jawed politicians, he went the distance without disabling scar or scorn, and set a modern standard for survival.
But the dark glasses and pseudonyms can't hide those familiar talents.
Five skinheads were held for questioning in the crime Friday and Saturday, but all were released.
Mr. Ashcroft said he sent a letter yesterday to Mr. Carey, the ADT chairman and chief executive, requesting a meeting.
The price is $68 million more than the bonds' value on Columbia's books as last reported publicly, but the gain is too little to offset its insolvency.
State Department spokesman Charles Redman said the session with Lang dealt exclusively with the POW-MIA issue.
Hill Samuel Group PLC fired its two top corporate-finance officials because, the merchant bank said, they were negotiating a defection involving colleagues that could have greatly reduced their department.
The big winners were AMR Corp., parent of American Airlines, Delta Air Lines Inc. and UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines.
Enserch Exploration has about 102.5 million units outstanding, of which Enserch Corp. owns about 89.6 million units.
They apparently learned their eldest son was a suspect at a family gathering Jan. 2, two days before he committed suicide.
Mr Jim Bolger, the conservative New Zealand prime minister, would also like a successful round of talks to improve his image in the approach to a difficult election later this year.
The move toward policy lending is likely to expand the bank's already large influence on China's economic decision-making.
Second-quarter earnings by AMD fell by more than half while sales fell 11 percent.
Mr. Miller's low regard for and asserted gratitude to the starchy Mr. Kuhn punctuates his book.
Sometimes I was able to roll.
The drug bill would create a new cabinet-level office to draw up budget requests for the various federal drug programs, eliminating drug-related offices headed by Vice President George Bush and Attorney General Richard Thornburgh.
President Bush recently extended the Christmas invitation to the single Mississippi congressman.
Moon told the court he went to the north to promote unification. Prosecutors charged that he met with North Koreans to stir up political unrest in South Korea.
Police Chief Junior Garmany, who went with Assistant Police Chief Fred Works to check out reports to his office, said the object was still hovering when officers arrived Friday night.
Most magazines won't let the subject determine which shot will be used.
"The question is whether the women will indeed read them or view them.
"This is a basic right guaranteed in the Chinese constitution," he said.
The 1980 court-approved pact, which covered all future prisons and inmates as well, set standards for numerous aspects of prison life.
But time and money may eventually do the trick.
Those businesses together produced $57.4 million in cash flow last year.
Brooke Shields has also been mentioned as a possibility for the role originally played by Madonna.
The last Chinese premier to visit Moscow was Li's foster father, Chou-En-lai, who met then-Soviet leaders Leonid Brezhnev and Alexei Kosygin in 1964.
At Adolph Coors Co., for instance, production peaks in the summer, so executives traditionally have taken winter vacations.
Just as high rates have choked the stock market recently, the low interest rates of the 1980s allowed Japan's stock market to soar.
Rambo to the rescue, assisted by one Afghani and a kid.
The investment may result in international joint ventures between the two publishers.
"It has underperformed the market over the last three months and is now catching up," one dealer said.
And it is the rider's job to search the herd for cows that will best show the horse's stuff.
But William Grimes, who prosecuted the case, said he expects the defense to ask the court for so-called shock probation sometime between the 30th and 60th days of Mr. James's prison term.
In 1986, Metropolitan Financial earned $22.2 million, or $4.63 a share.
The Grays gave their sons first names that are really last names: Spalding's brothers are Rockwell and Channing.
The pilot of the runaway tub was also slightly injured, the newspaper reported.
But the longer-term trend for production, new orders and demand hovers around the same level as it has throughout the year.
Who was doing all the selling?
A 35-acre plowed field where people can look for diamonds is inaccessible to the handicapped and doesn't have water fountains, restrooms or other amenities.
Asked by the justices for its views in the Massachusetts case, the Bush administration said Ms. Wood's appeal should be rejected.
They said winds gusting to just under 35 mph lashed waves as high as 30 feet in the southern Persian Gulf and the Strait of Hormuz, the gateway into the gulf.
Mick was down there.
Voting yes were 79 Democrats and 120 Republicans.
This could make the current U.S. presidential debate over which American weapons to develop and which to scrap a little beside the point.
Frederick Hoff of USDA's Economic Research Service said that "many consumers are unaware that honeybees are used to pollinate foods they are dependent upon.
Denmark contended that the higher VAT wouldn't affect prices and that the government would launch an information campaign to persuade wholesalers and retailers not to raise their prices.
Kuwait Airways said its ticketing offices in Washington, Houston, Chicago, Los Angeles and Toronto remain open.
It was invented to help construction workers stay on the job in hot weather.
"It just makes me sad.
Such tests are routine after accidents.
So Congress had focused on secondary trading, price dissemination and sales practices as the main areas for change.
And unlike the stereotypical investment banker, at least one of the partners supported a Democratic presidential candidate, Michael Dukakis.
And here the Confederation of British Industry's latest survey of industrial trends offers encouraging straws in the wind.
One of the allegations against Wright was that he used members of his congressional staff to help put together his book, "Reflections of a Public Man." Gingrich said Phelan "specifically exonerated Wright" on that charge.
A government decision two years ago to tax interest on bank deposits weakened banks' deposit bases and raised their costs.
"It's been drummed into us by every policymaker, including Paul Volcker and Alan Greenspan, that a weak dollar leads to higher inflation."
Disclosed fees from initial public stock offerings were crimped still further, plunging 24.5% to $668.8 million.
Either way, the bet is huge.
We're open for business,'" says Joel Johnson, vice president of international activities for the Aerospace Industries Association, a trade group.
The government has not clearly defined "security matters" and leaves submission of reports to the discretion of correspondents.
The traders' allegations were made in pretrial motions filed by the three men, the Chicago Tribune reported in today's editions.
The results were released in conjunction with the company's annual shareholders meeting in Los Angeles.
The alleged contamination by Coors was first disclosed early this year by a Colorado television station after receiving a tip.
It was not clear how they would be affected.
In what became a Finnish mini-festival at the Wigmore Hall, both gave recitals there in the last few days. Since Mattila burst onto the international scene a decade ago, her voice has filled out.
The new drill, which can be lowered from any ship, will be "smarter" than current drills which cannot be adjusted from the surface once they are running.
I especially winced at the scene where an interior wall is knocked down on the grounds that 'everything will then be clearer'. Ah, possibly.
This must be an irony: a comment on modern America's view of modern Japan as not so much a sunrise neighbour, more a nation determined to rain on the US's parade.
I believe that it is immoral for the U.S. to organize and support democrats of any nationality toward the risk and sacrifice of their lives for democratic objectives, if we are not willing to help them win those objectives.
It's not uncommon to see an otherwise well-managed company where sludge represents 50% of the inventory value, but accounts for only about 10% of the sales.
Trans World Airlines said its traffic rose 15% in August to 3.71 billion revenue passenger miles from 3.23 billion miles a year earlier.
The dispute, because it involves a high-technology product with the potential for big sales, is considered a major test case in the administration's new efforts to break down trade barriers in Japan.
Stock prices slipped a notch from last week's record highs today in light holiday-session trading.
In addition, she says, the marketing people have started discussing creative leasing packages; Bell & Howell's customers tend to lease rather than buy during downturns.
Michael Barnes, a former Maryland congressman who is the chief Dukakis liaison with the platform committee, said, "There will be a draft put before the members Friday morning."
Another $250 billion would come principally from scaling back military spending and cutting interest expenses by reducing government borrowing.
Milton said the bicycle, originally worth about $200, had been purchased by a relative at a yard sale for $25 about two years earlier.
In butcher shops, tripes hang from hooks like chamoix leathers and there are pigs' tails, cheeks and testicles on offer.
Some offer tax incentives to businesses to start child care centers while others offer tax credits to all families with preschool children.
Before deciding when to open, the family consulted an old book, Mr. Chen says.
It will catapault from 0-60mph (96kph) in 5.7 seconds and, more meaningfully, accelerate in fourth gear from 30-60mph (48-96kph) in 9.4 seconds.
Indeed, many of the stars, like Madonna, appear so briefly that their appearances seem little more than a promotional gimmick.
The Dow Jones Transportation Average didn't keep pace with yesterday's advance as airlines sagged with crude oil prices moving higher.
The good news that caused a brief rally was that the non-farm payroll rose less than expected in March.
Reagan noted that Mrs. Engeleiter, 36, would be the only mother with growing children in the Senate if she is elected.
The first Methodist chapel, used by John Wesley from 1743, is about to be turned into Covent Garden offices; previous tenants include the London City Ballet and the Tiller Girls, the high-stepping entourage of second world war fame.
The pact follows the sale of the other part of Travelers mortgage-services business, including relocation services and mortgage-wholesale operations, to GE Capital Corp.
"Good Morning, Merry Sunshine: A Father's Journal of His Child's First Year" kept Mr. Greene on the New York Times bestseller list for 17 weeks in 1984.
Mrs. Souter said her son was very close to his father, Joseph, who died in 1982.
The group, which takes its name from ancient Jewish assassins of biblical times, said it was avenging Palestinian stoning attacks on Jews.
Breaux spokesman Bob Mann labeled Kent's suggestion ridiculous.
Mexican police arrested about 150 suspected alien smugglers and drug dealers, the paper quoted Capt.
"On the other hand, assets of institutional funds have been subject to a substantial interest rate-induced volatility.
Crowds would collect at times of comings and goings for government changes and over many years a man turned up every day to kneel in the street to pray for the prime minister.
Any company with enough money can try this.
He also inherited a public sector borrowing requirement estimated by the Treasury at Pounds 50bn, or 9 per cent of gross domestic product (excluding privatisation proceeds), for this financial year.
Aoun said he had accepted a cease-fire mediated by Sfeir on Wednesday only to allow political efforts to "resolve the problem peacefully." "Otherwise, it will be total destruction.
The challenge to the law won at trial and on appeal, only losing in the state Supreme Court.
"Moon's release was purely out of humanitarian considerations and has nothing to do with the north's demand," said the official.
In 1981, the Aspen Institute set up a conference center, complete with restaurant, town houses and jogging trail, on 320 acres donated by the Strongs and AZL.
Downing Street said the prime minister was prepared to listen more to voters' concerns and was keen that government policies were 'geared to strengthening and broadening the economic recovery'.
Sixty-eight refugees left Cuu Long in southwest Vietnam on Sept. 1 in a 46-foot boat whose engine broke down after three days at sea.
This is a tough assignment because trustees are never entirely in the know.
In the past few days, Moscow has hosted the Egyptian foreign minister and a special envoy of Saudi Arabia, with whom the Soviets don't have diplomatic relations.
Lesser confrontations involving alleged racism against African students occurred in Beijing and two other cities.
The American is intense _ people say his name rhymes with fighter.
A living room set that graced Ludwig van Beethoven's salon goes on the auction block next month.
Healthco said it is in talks with Hicks Muse on possible terms the buy-out concern might accept, but the acquisition pact will expire on Thursday unless extended by mutual agreement.
Chrysler Motors is Chrysler Corp.'s automaking arm.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Darman and Gingrich had smoothed over their differences in a telephone conversation today, and that Darman was not withdrawing the speech.
If convicted, he faces a maximum of 30 years' imprisonment and a fine of as much as $1 million.
Bush has tried personally, by telephone.
The strike was the first mass labor agitation since strongman Ne Win seized power in 1962 and instituted a military-backed, one-party system which advocated socialism.
But where I differ with my opponent is, I am not going to make unilateral cuts in our strategic defense systems or support some freeze when they have superiority.
Reebok International Ltd., blaming sluggish U.S. sales of its footwear, reported a 17 percent drop in third quarter earnings Monday.
Like many federal procurements, however, it is formally considered an "indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity" purchase agreement.
U.S. House 3rd District: Robert Stringham defeated Craig Oliver for the Democratic nomination.
The Interior Ministry said the wounded officer was hospitalized and the family was being treated for shock.
About 100 companies have "expressed interest" in buying all or part of Beatrice, Mr. Kelly has said.
Until last fall, de Maiziere's party was one of the four controlled by the hard-line Communists.
On the present summonses, Glasgow sought declarations that the court had no jurisdiction in respect of the claims and asked that the actions be dismissed.
"The release of hostages of any nationality by any group is always very welcome news," said a spokesman for Archbishop Robert Runcie.
But the firm concludes that high-quality "junior blue chips" are in good position to beat, rather than trail, the big-name stocks over the next five years.
But even Chrysler was faulted for not equipping its popular minivans with air bags, and for not moving more quickly to make them standard equipment for front-seat passengers in cars.
Figuring out why people live longer in some states than in others is far from an exact science.
Judge Sir Bernard Caulfield stayed his award to the woman pending a possible appeal.
The Wall Street Journal reported in May that AT&T had reached an agreement with Total Systems Services Inc., the nation's second largest processor of credit card transactions.
"Living trusts are much more accepted as basic estate planning tools in California, Florida and Massachusetts than they are in New York," says Mr. Schlesinger, the New York lawyer.
Another offensive on the war in neighboring El Salvador could send more refugees to the country.
Nearly 69 percent of the respondents said their plans called for at least an even split between oil and natural gas.
"It's been a sensational success _ financially, socially, economically, politically," says U.S. producer Steven Leber. "I'm not just saying this because it's my show: There's a love affair going on between these countries.
Brokers said Wednesday's rise was also helped by a number of strong earnings reports.
Malaysian regulators previously only limited foreign ownership of listed shares in banking institutions and a few strategic companies.
By the end of the last decade, though, the regional mall movement looked in danger of exhaustion.
After 1968, Alpe d'Huez restored one of its sunnier ski slopes by knocking down the bobsleigh course, while the ski jump at St Nizier was left to rot, and a speed skating track at Grenoble closed for lack of support.
Utilicorp provides electric and gas service to seven states.
Reid Weingarten, a lawyer for Cary Maultasch, another former Drexel bond salesman, said, "We have caught wind of the possibility of a hearing.
The results so far suggest the drug may be an especially useful aid to alcoholics suffering from mental disorders such as depression, Dr. Volpicelli says.
"I just saw everybody flying," said Helen Romano, who was standing outside.
A handful of pickets were outside the hotel.
But Poland has 65 state theatres, with inadequate subsidy and inadequate audiences.
The first is "The Italian Lesson," a 1926 set piece by Ruth Draper, the comedienne who is said to have been Lily Tomlin's inspiration.
The picture could also be more accurate despite the confusing presentation of the change.
According to the draft law, state enterprises could be "collectively owned" by workers, or rented, or turned into "shareholder societies."
This week, Wyse is expected to announce a series of new personal computers, one of which will be built around Intel Corp.'s new 80386 microprocessor, a chip considered by many to be the most powerful microprocessor.
Nollan suggests that this line of escape may not be wide open.
The unexpected decision to let East Germans out through Czechoslovakia created the first free route to the West since the Berlin Wall went up in 1961.
Debate on domestic violence. TOMMORROW: Commons: Defence questions.
On Friday, Gromyko, 78, was honored with the chairmanship of a session of the conference.
Other benefits are spread across the staff. The 24-hour banking service is run on flexible shift patterns.
Order books seized from Scandinavian Commodity by Swedish authorities show that he constantly shuffled his suppliers and their products, partly to expedite the flow of materiel to Iran.
If Noriega had been flown out, "the loyalist forces wouldn't have anybody to be loyal to" and the post-Noriega era would have begun in Panama, one official said.
Doing business on a two-state basis is nothing new to Catamount Ski Area president and general manager William Gilbert.
Aarvik is survived by his wife, Anna Cathrine, three sons, a daughter and 11 grandchildren.
On Monday, a 60-truck convoy is scheduled to leave with 1,000 tons of food and 10 tons of medical supplies, tarpaulins and pallets.
Harvey S. Rosen, 40, a Princeton economics professor, was named deputy assistant Treasury secretary for tax analysis.
July 1993 is a key date, because that is the first occasion on which the company can force conversion of the convertible bonds.
In May, an explosion shut down a Shell Oil Co. refinery in Norco, La.
The formula was changed in 1982.
The bank said part of the decline stemmed from a reduction in the price at which the gold reserves were valued.
According to Mr Ian Lang, the Scottish secretary, unemployment in Scotland is now lower than in the UK as a whole for the first time since records began.
"The government always says that South Africa has a free press and a fair and independent judiciary," he says.
Mark Weinberg, a spokesman for the Reagans, declined comment about the replacement.
All went directly to sustain the Iranian war machine at a time when Washington's official, public policy was to prevent any nation or private supplier from making weapons available to that same machine.
Neal Nelson, a radiation biologist for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, said he was skeptical of the Chernobyl hypothesis after starting to study information Gould sent him.
A Palestinian journalist who spoke on condition of anonymity said a Red Cross worker showed him one of two letters written in English by George.
"It seems the U.S. has the types of interventions where people don't want us," Larsen said. "I hope it doesn't take a bunch of body bags for people to wake up," Larsen said.
It stood at 0.85 percentage point at the turn of the year.
Human rights and international organizations say rightist death squads and the military are responsible for the majority of civilian deaths in nine years of civil war.
This sale had been scheduled for last Thursday.
To make sure that this loss is manageable, the question of what is insurable and what is deductible would have to be defined carefully.
Unfortunately, these things are not very admired in Israeli politics," said Galnoor, a political scientist at Jerusalem's Hebrew University.
Prosecutors said Thursday a senior diplomat was arrested as a spy, the fourth government employee seized this month and accused of providing secrets to East Germany's former Communist rulers.
'It is something that could happen,' Tasker warns. He should know.
What was once viewed as a nice addition now is seen as a very strong magnet for attracting tourists."
Judging by the praises sung - his generosity, his friendship, his professionalism - Davis is on his way to a swift sainthood.
Political debate is larded with words that I would not transcribe even in asterisks.
Some of their play has been beyond the conventions we obey and I feel sad about the damage they have done to rugby's image.
The change was not without its critics.
Bonn's supporters say this city symbolizes a democratic and peaceful Germany.
And a longtime Solidarity adviser, Witold Trzeciakowski, would chair a new council of economic advisers.
The shots were fired by three or four men who drove by.
Parliaments around Europe are being called on to ratify the treaty for EMU agreed last December at Maastricht.
He has never been to the Soviet Union or to the Middle East, with the exception of Saudi Arabia.
He said that almost all the 1,048 people living at Southbury could make it on their own with the proper support services in the community.
Kabul radio, in a report confirmed by guerrilla sources, said two people were killed.
"The bad news is the oil price drop of a couple years ago is still having ramifications in real estate, but it's not new bad news," Obrinsky said, noting what may be early signs of improvement.
In a statement, the company said its managing directors "consider that it is prudent" to propose to the board of directors "a total write-off" of the Drexel stake.
The United States and West Germany have reached an agreement that commits the German civil sector to support the U.S. Armed Forces in the event of war or other crisis, the Pentagon announced on Monday.
Her second book made publishing history.
Hussein ordered Justice Minister Akram Abdul Qader Douri to investigate the death.
There is a strong incentive for banks to remove non-performing mortgages from their balance sheets, since they require twice as much capital.
Bond prices fell sharply on the announcement, depressing sentiment in the stockmarket. Mr Robert Bretz, for the National Association of Purchasing Management, said the economy had regained most of the momentum lost since last autumn.
Wilder would not disclose the value of his art collection.
Oh, my!"' Flanery recalls asking Delores Clark if she thought her husband actually was John List.
But such bad news is becoming all too common for the discerning comic reader, who in the recent years has lost Larson's "The Far Side" and Trudeau's "Doonesbury" for extended periods while their creators escaped the day-to-day drudgery.
The camp's director, Bobbi Trott, has denied any wrongdoing in the drownings or other alleged incidents at the camp.
The major opposition parties called for a dawn-to-dusk, nationwide strike on Saturday.
The FT's survey of new year forecasts showed growth of 1.7 per cent, but the consensus is now down to growth of 1.4 per cent.
Brian's mother said she's hoping her son's communications with the school will prevent him from repeating the fourth grade.
Currencies will remain a hot play, traders and analysts predict.
The dollar inched up against the yen Thursday in Tokyo, while share prices fell.
But even the executives concede that the story of how Circle K got caught flatfooted reflects sloppy planning, botched employee communications and misjudgment of public reaction.
"We took people off rooftops, off of cars.
In those charges, the CFTC said the pool operator, Stotler Funds, violated anti-fraud laws by effectively making $5.5 million in loans from two pools to parent Stotler Group.
The INS gave the Soviets permission to stay on Little Diomede Island, and they spent the night in the National Guard Armory there.
"There was a consensus among the French that they wanted to free their hostages, and they supported what their government did to get us out," he said.
"People are not happy with AD or Copei but they recognize their candidates have the best chance to win the presidency.
There seemed to be a sense that Jackson was on home turf here.
Wood, 26, was charged Monday with two counts of murder and held without bond pending a Dec. 16 preliminary hearing.
The surge partly reflected market makers' setting prices at lower levels to muster up investor interest and rebuild their positions at the lower levels.
The Interior Ministry said one police commander had been fired and another suspended, and that it was investigating the police action.
"I don't think that there is any chance of a balanced budget without new taxes," said Noyce.
The changes are being introduced to secure a more flexible and cost-effective workforce.' The changes at Sock Shop are expected to affect about 400 people in nearly 100 shops.
"Roseanne" creator Matt Williams left the show in January 1989 over "creative differences" with the outspoken star.
About 20 years ago, one of my daughters applied for work in a child-care center, and was told that she did not qualify even though she had one year of college.
At the long end, where yields fell on Monday to record levels, prices firmed in early trading but dropped back later amid profit-taking.
Mr. Le Pen's 14.4% showing Sunday has triggered what he calls an "earthquake" in French politics.
Marks said Hickey's letter called the service Stallings conducted Sunday "a public act of disobedience."
Staley spokesman David Satterfield said his company was continuing negotiations with other parties as well.
There was further occupations after the July 2 state elections in which PRI claimed a majority in the state legislative races over PRD fraud charges.
"At best, about 5% of them are carried out."
The likelihood of cancer increases with old age, and as people live longer the incidence of cancer increases.
While its machine tools withered, Milacron invested tens of millions of dollars to diversify into semiconductor wafers, lasers, specialty chemicals, robots and plastics machinery.
But the price of petroleum-based diesel fuel eventually dropped below $1 per gallon, making soybean-oil fuel unattractive at its estimated production price of $1.45 per gallon.
Its New York staff has swelled above 600, and the firm has become particularly prominent in U.S. government bond trading.
Most of these laws apply to everyone in America except members of Congress.
Indeed, USX said it expects the market for coated sheet steel to reach 12 million tons annually by 1992, compared with 10.2 million tons shipped in 1988.
Demand remains weak, although a government export sales report yesterday showed an improvement from the previous week's report, analysts said.
The low Monday in the Lower 48 states was 8 degrees at Sioux Falls, S.D.
The Cuban program appears to be assisted by Marc Rich & Co., a Swiss commodity trading firm.
The largest single creditor is Options Clearing Corp., the Chicago clearinghouse that handles options transactions.
Turnover in the wholesale and manufacturing division leapt to Pounds 110.2m (Pounds 21.8m). Barclay was a lower margin business, with a 2-3 per cent return on sales rather than the 7-10 per cent of retailing.
He even manages to cry real tears during the excruciating family reunion scene without looking like a jerk.
When the athletes learned that playing dice was also an easy way to lose money, some turned to armed robbery, the students said.
"We've dug up all kinds of animal bones, but we haven't found anything human," said acting Carbon County sheriff Jim Robertson, who is searching for Ms. Curtis' remains.
A winter storm warning was posted beginning tonight for the upper Kobuk and Yukon valleys of Alaska.
According to the study, for example, job evaluations of delivery-van drivers and second-grade clerk typists concluded that both jobs required comparable skill and effort.
Yet there is a torrent of advice, some of it crosscutting and conflicting.
Further, the fracturing of Iraq would create chaos from the Persian Gulf and to Turkey.
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees.
Pressed on whether he might face a challenge in the autumn, he replied: 'I don't expect one.
You're caught with them, their dirt is going to spill over on you and I'm going to send you to the penitentiary.
Rumblings from Boeing suggest that it will have to cut production once more. The clearest victim of these problems is Lucas, which has yet to report.
Abortion supporters gathered across the street from the clinic in a counter-protest and solicited pledges for contributions based on the number of abortion opponents expected to be arrested.
The 'B' shares are to start trading on the Shanghai Securities Exchange on July 26. The 'A' shares for Chinese domestic investors were listed in May.
Statistics on earnings growth are useful to money managers as one factor in determining which markets and individual stocks to trade.
Rudolph arrived in Huntsville after World War II with the Wernher von Braun rocket team.
It plunged about 105 points in the first 45 minutes of trading Monday and never managed to recover much ground.
They said most had suffered gunshot and stabbing wounds.
The trade talks are stalled.
'Their mad policies have infiltrated the Welsh party and are pushing it in a direction and at a rate that the people of Wales do not altogether want.' Conservatives are adamantly opposed to any form of devolution.
Further, the federal government saves money.
Earlier it had provided Pounds 13m after forecasting a shortage of Pounds 500m.
But he said their effect is uncertain.
If the drug cartels mount a campaign "to have blood running in the streets of America, I can't give you assurances we would be in a position to pre-empt it," conceded Oliver B. Revell, investigations chief for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
In the year-ago quarter, Bear Stearns reported net income of $59.6 million, or 70 cents a share.
While the news media focus on almost nightly gang violence, often involving innocent victims, Deputy Chief Robert Rathburn notes the drop in "drive-by" shootings since his task force roundups began.
The officer's testimony came on the 10th day of an inquest by Gibraltar Coroner Felix Pizzarello and an 11-man jury into the shootings of the three unarmed IRA members.
As previously reported, Firestone announced last March that the plant would be closed in September.
Five editions were printed in the mainland in 1986 and sold quickly among young intellectuals before the book was banned in 1987.
For years, the Soviet government has been wary of the 159-member world body, but recently it has sought to strengthen it and develop a comprehensive U.N. security system, a vague concept opposed by the United States as unrealistic.
"After reviewing two years of the publication, I began wondering what all the fuss was about." Palmer said he undertook the review after Freedman raised questions of discrimination.
The call for mediation temporarily ended the union's strike threat.
The American Battle Monuments Commission launched a national design competition Tuesday for the recently authorized Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington.
And even if no defectors do, strategists reason, they will be far less likely to oppose President Reagan when he selects a new Supreme Court nominee if they have formally opposed the president once already.
So Mr Clarke intends to achieve the improvements he seeks by roughly equal adjustments on the spending and revenue sides. Is this credible?
The audience, huddled over their pricey cocktails, had been packed in like sardines.
The five were on trial for allegedly ignoring a federal injunction barring activists from blocking entrances to abortion clinics.
By 1983, the size of the fund was Pounds 85m.
And collectors and sellers continued to bargain yesterday over several planes that didn't sell.
"We don't have any weapons but to protest.
And he threatens to bring a $100 million lawsuit against anyone who fires an orderly for eating his pizzas.
Sterling Powell, the New Jersey welterweight boxing champion in 1934, died Wednesday.
All Metallgesellschaft's worldwide methanol business will come under Methanex in Calgary.
"He's always had a grudge against Hong Kong." In the case of South Korea, the dumping petition is seen as a violation of a previous agreement that no dumping investigations would begin before talks between Seoul and Washington were concluded.
But if he takes the interesting deal to a potential Japanese client, the Japanese client turns around and convinces his regular Japanese banker to offer the same deal, and the Japanese banker gets the business.
The 1.9-million member union's board is scheduled to meet today and almost certainly concur with the PAC's choice.
He confessed that morale among his comrades has hit a new low and that the force is in shambles.
New orders fell in November, the fifth drop in six months and another indication that business was slowing.
Iraq scorned the resolution, which is considered legally binding on all U.N. members.
You can go a long way on those."
The auditors expressed skepticism that HUD, whose mission is to provide Americans with affordable housing, could properly ensure the safety of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
We'll be giving these recommendations careful consideration in the days ahead.
Also, most people don't use credit cards for inexpensive items, and many cab rides are less than $10.
It is not an instance of the elusiveness or reshaping of truth: The circumstantial evidence does damn the professor.
They also consented to apply the death penalty to more than 50 federal crimes, including terrorism, hijacking and political assassinations.
Edward Labaton, a New York attorney representing shareholders, said Tyco made a loan to Savoy that "wasn't in the best interest" of the company and also issued debentures to a group made up of Selzer family members "at very favorable terms."
President Reagan has signed a proclamation implementing tariff- and duty-cutting provisions that are required under the U.S.-Canada Free Trade Agreement.
In addition to charges that he lied to Congress, North is accused of lying to the attorney general about his role in diverting millions of dollars to the Contras from the Reagan administration's secret weapons sales to Iran.
In winning the account, TBWA bested Chiat/Day/Mojo; Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising; and Messner Vetere Berger Carey Schmetterer.
"We must not seek 'consensus,' we must confront.
Grain and soybean prices opened lower this morning on the Chicago Board of Trade.
"We are not pulling the trigger," George Quincy Lumsden Jr., the IEA's director of oil market developments, said in an interview.
The inquest was adjourned.
The shotgun used in the killing has not been recovered, she said.
President Reagan's call for a special prosecutor to investigate the Iran arms sale helped bolster investor confidence, according to analysts.
Canadian union officials said they are primarily concerned about jobs at Ford's Oakville, Ontario, car assembly plant, one of two in North America that makes Tempo and Topaz compact cars.
"If the evidence (sought by North) is material, I think Reagan and Bush can be required to appear," Barron said.
And they say the disclosure requirements may prompt card issuers to lower their interest rates as consumers use the information to shop around for the best deal.
The provision will be included in Bush's proposed Clean Air Act, which will be submitted to Congress within the next two weeks, the Detroit Free Press reported Saturday.
Brady declined to say what Hashimoto said about the Tokyo stock market, which has plummeted in recent months.
People here have so much money they won't work for normal salaries any more,' he says. Mr Popescu may not have long to wait.
Work hours are limited and long vacations are not unusual.
"There must be an end to the tragic cycle of violence, a task that demands great courage and resolve from all South African leaders, black and white," he said in a speech to the 20th anniversary dinner of the Joint Center for Political Studies.
The carrier-based A-X also will have radar-evading characteristics.
The forum for possible resolution of these issues would be a common defense council, plans for which were announced by French President Francois Mitterrand here yesterday.
"They are incredibly happy when they can accomplish something, but you don't expect that they will remember.
Plant managers pass such problems back to those assigned to catch them.
"In inflationary times, CDs would be deadly," says Mr. Ross.
He became Richmond news editor in 1982.
The Commerce Department lowered its estimate of third-quarter economic growth slightly to 2.8% from the 2.9% reported last month.
Nosair began working for the city in April 1988 on a crew that tends to heating, air conditioning and ventilation at courthouses.
He repeatedly challenged Martinez to debate him on crime, the lottery, or other issues.
In addition, the measure included a series of add-ons, most from Democrats, to address pet concerns.
As previously reported, Chelsea Industries bought the shares to increase its debt as a percentage of equity to a level it prefers.
Rodolfo Biazon, chief of the National Capital Region Defense Command.
He may be helped, however, by the fact that he is not considered a presidential candidate in his own right.
At his 1980 trial, Felde asked the jury that convicted him to recommend the death penalty, "or other deaths will result."
Soybean futures gave up most of the previous session's gains Friday on the Chicago Board of Trade, retreating along with corn futures prices as fears of an early freeze in the Midwest faded.
Greenwood and three former top executives were charged Tuesday with hiding the thrift's losses.
This time, amid a strong industry upturn, they hope to make a comeback.
"Shake ratttle and roll," muttered one of the men on the barricade, armed with an automatic weapon.
Perhaps most interesting, at least from a popular view, is that it offers an optimistic view of things at a time when some of the old models are flashing warnings lights and setting off sirens and bells.
The first step will be to remove BR's statutory monopoly and open the tracks to anyone who wants to operate trains.
In determining who will set the moral climate we must find leaders in public and private life whom we can look to for guidance and example and overcome the urge to perpetuate the status quo.
Another student notes that while she was waiting to get to the microphone a conference organizer invited her to cut ahead of the people in front of her, since she was a woman. She chose, she says, to turn down this invitation.
Burnley said that the department's investigation of Texas Air and its two major airline subsidiaries showed no safety problems at Continental.
Ferraro ran on the Democratic ticket with Walter Mondale in 1984.
However, the expectations index for future increases in business activity over the next three months rose three points to 46 from 43 in May. Still, it remains 13 points below the levels reported three months ago.
In a separate concurring opinion in July, she said the Missouri regulations do not place an "undue burden" on a woman's right to an abortion.
Or the growing problem of cheese sukiyaki.
But they also said the proposals were too sketchy to determine their implications.
However, one banker said earlier in the day that, if the parent company went for CCAA protection, the 11 bank lenders to Canary Wharf - the showpiece of government attempts to redevelop Docklands - may go for administration.
When she arrived in Kenya, she decided to follow baboons on foot, rather than watching from a van, as her predecessors had done.
Democrats did it in 1984, paving the way for DiPrete's first term.
East Germans are clearing store shelves and filling their refrigerators because they fear massive price increases when the nation converts to a free market, officials said Wednesday.
The US's interest rates are extremely low, because it wants to help economic recovery.
That case netted convictions of seven members of Congress.
He did repeat at close range the message that Americans like the Chinese people but take a dark view of the Beijing government.
We decide to go long one contract, a commitment to buy 125,000 marks, valued at about $75,000. Mr. Weintraub phones the order to a broker in the pit some 50 feet below us.
Crazy Eddie went into involuntary bankruptcy in October.
The three-stage, solid-fuel rocket would weigh 15 tons and measure 50 feet in length.
A major factor in the rise in births in recent years is that the 360 million people born between 1962 and 1976 have reached child-bearing age.
Mr. Tenuta recently set up his own in-house marketing department because he couldn't find a local firm with the international expertise he needs.
If the agreements are honoured, it will mean that they will all be under republican control soon.
She never was seen again.
The speculation is "absolutely untrue," a PaineWebber official said.
The decision came shortly after U.S. marshals seized an allegedly mislabeled Citrus Hill shipment in a suburban Minneapolis warehouse.
The third Baltic republic, Estonia, last month declared its intention to secede but set no date and left the door open for negotiations with the Kremlin.
That session was followed by another meeting, lasting about a half hour, in the Oval Office, that excluded most of the aides.
The credit generally is available to a taxpayer who, in order to find or keep a job, pays another person to care for a child under 15 or other dependent.
He resigned his weapons post in protest.
Factory production has been declining for a year, and economists say the main reason is that profits have been squeezed by rising production costs and a fixed exchange rate for earnings abroad.
Claes joined Islamic leaders in urging Moslems in Belgium to remain calm.
The $400 million project is part of a massive development plan to better accommodate the estimated two million Moslems who converge on Mecca and neighboring Medina during July for the annual pilgrimage to Islam's holiest shrines.
If the drought in the Corn Belt lasts another 30 days, as forecast, and "we have a real crop disaster," he added, "these banks are going to be very hard-hit.
Politely and patiently, he tells one from a New York securities firm, not for the first time, "No, I do not want to buy any tax-free bonds.
Twentieth Century Fox is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.
The world would be infinitely richer if we allowed free trade among nations and heavily supported and/or retrained those who lost their jobs as a result.
Five years ago each action cost Pounds 204.
Tuesday's blast did about $300 damage, Smith said.
Again, we have to be careful not to jump to conclusions.
And there would appear to be no stopping the downward trend. The problem is that Liechtenstein is so small that it does not have enough attractions for most classes of tourist today.
He said the retailer won't meet its original target of 9% to 10% growth for the year ending in January.
But in the longer term, beyond the cyclical ups and downs of business activity, the measure has shown a tendency to fall that, in Mr. Tamm's view, may limit its usefulness as a leading indicator.
"None of these investigations," the spokesman said, "has revealed any electric, electronic, mechanical problem or defect in any of our cars that could cause unintended acceleration."
The spiral of violence in Algeria is forcing European governments to brace for the worst. Last week France said it was closing its schools and cultural centres there, after advising its 2,000 remaining expatriates to leave if possible.
Eyewitness accounts differed, but authorities believed at least two vehicles were on the bridge section when it gave out.
The letter also was sent to Reps.
So the movement of money from the Bank Magnus IRA to the Bank Nonesuch IRA wasn't a second IRA rollover within a year, and Irma didn't get a taxable IRA payout in the process.
The places where housing costs have skyrocketed are places such as New York, Massachusetts and California that regulate the life out of the free market.
Nonetheless, they had a flair for promotion, and they convinced the public that Endotronics was onto something amazing.
He referred to last Friday's triple witching, or the same-day expiration of stock-index futures and options and individual stock options.
Analyst Joseph Phillippi of Shearson Lehman Hutton of New York said some of Chrysler's increase came because of lower incentive costs during the period this year.
On Friday, federal police searched Constanzo's Atizapan house and the apartments of two associates who are fugitives.
But even sophisticated professionals were stung.
And there is always the possibility that controversies could erupt.
A year ago, the company had a pretax gain of $82.9 million from the sale of securities, and profit from continuing operations of $72.4 million, or 98 cents a share.
Republicans have long contended that one reason the Democrats hang on to the House is that, decade after decade, they gerrymander the districts to their advantage.
Five of GM's six car and truck divisions put out separate announcements saying they planned to extend to July 5 their rebate programs when the current ones run out May 11.
Tass reported the Afghan army killed 11 rebels and wounded five who had bombarded the Qanahar airport with rockets and mines.
Under the austerity measures, the Central Bank _ Argentina's equivalent to the Federal Reserve _ ordered a 53.7 percent devaluation of the austral currency, setting its value at 655 per dollar, compared with 303 per dollar on Friday.
Babe Ruth, in 1927 (60) and '28 (54).
Warner Chappell, the world's largest music publisher, already owns the rights to songs by George and Ira Gershwin, Michael Jackson and Cole Porter, among others.
He said only about 10% to 15% of the company's business is with original-equipment manufacturers.
Mr. Kelly is an old-fashioned engineer; he admits finally abandoning his slide rule for a calculator only last year.
Therefore, while there may be far too much capital in the banking system as a whole, there may be far too little to protect the FDIC from experiencing catastrophic losses in a severe, nationwide recession.
"What are the issues so far?
The North Korean premier's car was damaged, and two of the official vehicles had to be left for tow trucks.
The American Civil Liberties Union takes a stronger stance against E-mail snooping.
Billy Carter became known for his wise-cracking and beer-drinking during his brother's 1976 campaign, but quit drinking nine years ago after undergoing treatment at a California alcoholism center.
The Cincinnati concern has been seeking to expand its telecommunications expertise into other areas of information services.
Marine Midland stock soared $18 to $77.75 a share, although Hongkong & Shanghai Banking said it had no intention of raising its offer of $70 a share, or $677 million, for the Marine Midland shares it doesn't own.
When Fanny, the beautiful teen-aged heroine, sails into Boston harbor, she hears church bells "very feeble, not like English bells."
"On the other hand, there is a political risk for those who say they won't go into a budget summit at all." Each stop on this rainy weekend is punctuated with this kind of "on the other hand" reflection.
But the report contained FBI crime statistics for 1986 showing that the murder rate among blacks was 31.2 per 100,000 compared with 5.4 per 100,000 whites.
One person apparently died from the heat.
Mao Tse-tung had just unleashed the Cultural Revolution in China.
Or cool (you may freeze at this point) and refrigerate, covered.
If it's regular mail, it goes to a fan mail service for photos.
Cruise attends the funeral and learns he has been disinherited.
Another Soviet analyst, Vladimir Tikhonov, said his country's agricultural statistics substantially overstate Soviet food output. Meat production is barely half the officially reported figure, he said.
According to the filing, the shares were bought for investment reasons.
Cambodian guerrillas, meanwhile, reportedly recaptured a major base, a Thai military officer in Bangkok said today, speaking on condition of anonymity.
When the rumors proved false, shares resumed their rise.
The summit was initially resisted by moderate Arab states.
Lacy H. Hunt, chief U.S. economist for Hong Kong Bank Group, parent of Marine Midland Bank, expects the economy to show only sluggish growth for the next 18 months.
The New York-based provider of clinical testing services Friday said it plans to sell six million common shares to non-U.S. institutional investors for $30 million.
The others charged were SMS Chairman Ralph Savage, SMS President Eugene White and Carl Hurlebaus, who is co-owner of Telemedia Inc. with White and Savage.
At first light Thursday, a Navy pilot spotted what appeared to be a man waving from a life raft.
"You don't have to fall into a septic tank to know what it is," said the Rev. Avis Hill, a local minister who led the protest.
"They didn't make 'em like him when I played.
As for American Home Products, they say that Wall Street is excessively concerned about an alleged lack of new products in its pipeline.
Once you start dishing on sex and kids and money, anything is possible.
The lawsuit was filed in federal court in Beckley by the New Beckley Mining Corp., which also announced it will close its nearby Glen Daniel mine because of what it called union violence stemming from the UMW's selective strikes.
Trump compared the Boston-to-New York-to Washington shuttle to New York's Plaza Hotel, "which hadn't been run right" until he purchased it.
He didn't cite specific errors.
A hand grenade exploded early Sunday on the crowded dance floor of a nightclub, killing one man and wounding 37 people, police said.
Washington DC was staked out of a swamp in 1790 by George Washington and was the first city to be built as a national capital.
The Barton amendment was similar to Stenholm-Craig, but also limited increases in government revenues to the growth in national income unless a three-fifths vote of Congress decided otherwise.
A sequence of open-air rooms, frescoed with abundant foliage and lined with flower beds, eases the transition between garden and house. The garden of Herculaneum's grand Villa of the Stags has supplied much of the finest marble statuary in the show.
Chatichai said his Cabinet has been completed and will be announced after Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of Britain ends a visit here next Tuesday.
It makes it hard to sell the house, but the vendor may strike lucky.
Mr. Gordy couldn't be reached for comment.
Rifkin said that once the genetic code, or genome, is known there is a possibility that this will be used by employers, insurance companies and others to discriminate against people whose genetic make up includes potential disease-causing defects.
Fixed-rate mortgages now stand at 10.5 percent on average.
The process helped him achieve the lush surface and warm colors he loved, but it also proved to be a great danger for collectors.
More than three-quarters of Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc.'s $200 million face value 6 3/8% debentures were tendered for conversion into common stock prior to the record date for a special dividend, a Harcourt attorney said.
The government declared a national emergency and ordered its citizens to stay indoors.
In a society where building one's "jinmyaku", or network of human contacts, is everything, selling a product through acquaintances works particularly well.
"Deplorably, the committee has no right to veto ecologically harmful undertakings," he has said.
With many of the cases in the UK, the pressure for reforms to limit liabilities seems certain to grow. Accountants are seeking changes to the Companies Act which now bans auditors making contracts where liability with clients is limited.
The indictment issued in February 1988 accused Noriega of protecting cocaine shipments heading north and coca processing chemicals and drug money headed south.
Divers have discovered 55 Japanese warships, cargo boats and submarines sunk during World War II off Palau in the western Pacific Ocean, the government announced.
Mr. Rose denied, however, that the stock sale was initiated to provide funds for state spending.
Per-capita income today is around $150.
Ramchand admits there's little he can do to protect himself. Unlike many other drivers, he doesn't even carry a crowbar as a weapon.
Its current underwriter is a Hartford, Conn., concern called North American Investments.
De Klerk met Mozambique's President Joaquim Chissano in July.
"Eastern has consistently slammed every door in the pilots' face," said John Mazor, an ALPA spokesman.
The plant, located in the Armenian capital of Yerevan, was not damaged by the devastating Dec. 7 earthquake in another part of the small southern Soviet republic that borders Turkey.
If the company hadn't started its quality drive, it would have been shut out by a growing number of customers that are boosting quality standards, he adds.
But some money managers are far less optimistic that a wave of cost-saving mergers will bring Nirvana to bank stocks.
Equally, international investors have taken increasing interest in Argentine paper, since Argentine borrowers must still offer above-market yields.
Morocco has sided with fellow Arab nations such as Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia, strongly condemning the Iraqi invasion and annexation of Kuwait.
The Americans dumped the money, stamped with the reward offer and sealed in plastic envelopes, into the river after their two boats moved about 220 yards into Laotian waters.
Raising interest rates was political anathema. By Tuesday night the pound closed in London just a fifth of a pfennig above its ERM floor of DM2.778, its lowest ever in the mechanism.
The initial Hollywood Reporter story included a description of a movie that Jackson supposedly would make with the troika of Steven Spielberg, George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola.
German companies had at least one and sometimes two fewer tiers of hierarchy than the UK ones. One reason why German middle managers tended to identify downwards was that industrial unions encompassed every type and grade of employee.
Four years ago, Ms. Sanchez said, her life had hit bottom.
But I'm going home and die now." The evening began with an award for visual effects to "Innerspace," a fantasy about a test pilot reduced to microscopic size.
"Today I bring you only good news," NASA test director Al Sofge said today. "The launch vehicle is in good shape.
Petrovsky also said the international community should adopt binding principles and rules of behavior.
The nuns also are working on saints' greeting cards and have developed games, quizzes and puzzles for kids.
One factor that encourages poaching is the high value that the public puts on wildlife trophies.
However, de Klerk has told white voters he will not betray them and has affirmed his commitment to segregated residential areas for whites who want them.
Investment fundamentals aside, the move into bonds 18 months ago was not unrelated to the declining free asset ratio of Norwich Union's main life assurance fund.
Beryl Sprinkel, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, was warning the other day that the Fed's current stance, if maintained for several quarters, would lead to a recession.
Mr Michael Robarts, of Fleming Investment Management, argues that designation not only offers little protection to clients but will also slow down the settlement process, raising costs for everyone and increasing risks.
Crude oil for May delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange rose 44 cents a barrel to $18.71.
And what is it doing?" he asked.
This will include a clarification of measures to ensure military standstill and military in place.
The opportunities are more available for them now than in the past," Cleveland said.
But the company would save on taxes since interest payments are deductible while dividends are not.
Even the consummate Washington insider sees the depths of the problem.
With regard to the foregoing paragraph, the French delegation considers that where very important interests are at stake the discussion must be continued until unanimous agreement is reached. III.
He later said the large UFO was the "size of two battleships" and appeared to be made by "a very high technology and intelligence."
The three inmates were serving life sentences without possibility for parole and were housed separately in cells in the same prison wing, said Jerrie Clutter, secretary to Warden Jerry Hedrick.
To give but one example, it simply is not true, as Mr. Casey asserts, that "Donovan was soon disillusioned with the Nuremberg trials and quit."
Specifically Chile must conduct a plebiscite sometime during the next eight months to allow voters a chance to say "si" or "no" to eight more years of Pinochet rule.
About $225 million of long-term debt was outstanding at Sept. 30.
The ABA's House of Delegates rejected a similar proposal by nine votes in 1985 and by 24 votes in 1983.
The airline has now made net first-half profits of Dollars 49.5m, against Dollars 2.35m in 1991.
She told reporters she had spoken to Barbara Bush on Monday about AIDS. "She's very informed and very receptive.
Mr. Diamandis, who for more than 20 years was a magazine publisher, is expected to serve as vice chairman of Donnelley, with Mr. Purcell as chairman.
A jury in Detroit ruled that the Eagan, Minn., airline was at fault for a 1987 plane crash that killed 156 people at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, and that the plane's maker was blameless.
Mr. Gauthier said that right after he was fired, he bumped into Mr. Rattigan, who asked how he was doing.
The ALPA said it is buying advertising this weekend in major newspapers in Miami, Atlanta, Washington, Boston and New York to publicize its position and deter other pilots from going to work for Eastern.
"One young man said he was Russian.
Also, independent of any deal with Eastern, American has announced increased service to Monterrey, Cancun and Cozumel, Mexico.
The 1985 Mexico City quake that killed 10,000 measured 8.1 on the Richter scale.
David Beckwith, a spokesman for Vice President Dan Quayle, said Hughes and a former employee met with Quayle twice in the weeks before Quayle moved into the official vice president's residence.
By limiting for the first time how much state parties can spend on elections, it also would effectively stop the use of those organizations by wealthy contributors to funnel gifts in blocks of $100,000 to presidential campaigns.
Mariano Adalem was named presidential adviser on military affairs, replacing retired Maj. Gen.
The equity income funds were up just 2.6%.
The highest monthly figure was 42 demolished or sealed in June 1989.
The main leftist opposition, the PSUM, has abandoned the word "communist" but retains the hammer and sickle in its emblem.
The agreement also limits I.C.H.'s stake in First Executive to no more than 25% until November 1993.
Each person who returns voluntarily receives the equivalent of $50 from the U.N. agency and qualifies for a year's food aid from the Vietnamese government.
Five interpreters spent two days translating the section, which was then sent to Taiwan via facsimile transmission for typesetting using a computer that allows high quality generation of Chinese characters, the paper said.
Sanders said the Forest Service does not plan to ask that any criminal charges be filed.
The deal with Alcoa is the third agreement BFI has reached to get rid of the waste it collects.
However, many companies, even those not facing takeover threats, have been buying their own stock and setting up or expanding employee stock plans recently, in part because of their value as takeover defenses.
The witnesses said there was little the United States could do to break up the oil cartel and that meantime, the simple laws of supply and demand would govern the price of oil.
Cromwell. Remember? Being British, of course, I think we will not make a decision to abolish the monarchy.
The resolution was approved on a 20-to-1 vote with the United States voting against it and six members abstaining.
His first commercial film, "Terminus," won the Golden Lion for best documentary at the 1961 Venice Film Festival.
In the first half of the year, GM announces agreements giving the company manufacturing presences in Hungary, East Germany and the Soviet Union.
The journalists who filed the suit, however, want the Pentagon to be barred from implementing the restrictions in any future wars.
And all five also ranked high in the study of population pressures.
The aide put the final price tag at from $7.5 billion to $8 billion.
Almost three in five companies have cut prices recently, compared with the forecast one in 10. Some 20 per cent plan further reductions.
Assurances Generales de France (AGF), one of its closest competitors, recently sealed its investment in AMB, another German insurer.
Right now, Pat Buchanan seems to be the only one taking an aggressive tone."
"It became the longest runway in the United States for drug smuggling planes," James D. Holt, the sheriff of Martin County, said when the link was opened in December.
Though they worked night and day, they managed to inspect less than 5% of the fruit unloaded off nine freighters.
No warnings were sounded.
He now has to prove that he can campaign.
A portion of the proceeds was intended to finance its previously announced acquisition of Diversified Shelter Group Ltd. and affiliated entities.
The district official, contacted by telephone, said four of the schools burned to the ground while three others and the clinic were damaged.
As much as $81 billion will be needed over the next 21 years to modernize and clean up DOE defense facilities, the report said.
But much of the government's case collapsed after the defense asserted that the documents at issue were available to many others, and prosecutors acknowledged that the GTE unit didn't enjoy an unfair advantage in competing for contracts.
Stocks at producers and the exchange are only sufficient to supply the needs of consumers for six weeks, says Robin Bhar, metals analyst in London for Rudolf Wolff & Co., commodity brokers.
"That was fun that nobody else could have," he said. "We're the only ones who know what it was really like.
Scheduled to go on the block are two acknowledged masterpieces, both carrying estimates of $40 million to $50 million, and even higher expectations.
If Bush had chosen another destination for his first trip, however, it would have touched off a chorus of complaints, Hawes said.
Boris A. Petrov, deputy Communist Party head of the Kalinin region where the accident occurred, said in a telephone interview that two of the 107 people initially hospitalized after the crash had died.
He said the travelers spoke of widespread rumors in Kabul over the weekend that Tanai was planning a coup.
Serious work has yet to begin on most wells because of equipment delays and water-pumping troubles.
At that time, some investors feared the credit-easing move might be inflationary.
Alyssa suffered from biliary atresia, a congenital disorder which would have been fatal if she hadn't undergone a transplant, doctors said.
THE Nikkei index's fall below 20,000 on Monday gave many financial executives a sleepless night as they worked out the impact on their companies.
Ms. Kaufman is a New York free-lance writer who grew up in Detroit.
Butler told Coast Guard officials their boat was attacked and sunk by "several" whales about 1,200 miles southwest of Costa Rica.
He is one of the nearly 600 Albanians who have sought refuge in foreign embassies in Tirana this week in a desperate bid to flee the country.
"We do support our voluntary agreement with the recording industry, which has been in effect since 1985.
The high of 93 at Pittsburgh tied a record that has been on the books since 1885, and the high of 94 at Traverse City, Mich., toppled a record set in 1897.
The battle over VSEL, the Barrow-based submarine maker, is starting to get aggressive.
"Our credit system is breaking down and needs to be fixed," Mr. Bryan said.
If you default on your home improvement loan you can't stop your car from being repossessed as collateral, even though it's the only way you can get to work to make the money to pay off the loan.
The only junta member left out of the proposed pardon was Dimitris Ioannides, who engineered a failed 1974 coup in nearby Cyprus, a disaster that led to the partition of the Mediterranean island and Greece's return to civilian rule.
She originated the role of Mary McGregor in the West End production of "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie" and made her film debut in the role.
Secured Data charges clients from less than $50 per month to more than $8,000, depending on the number of tapes and frequency of access.
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement.
The actual total cost of the relief is estimated at around Pounds 50m. The suggestion of a windfall tax is by definition a one-off tax. It could not replace permanent annual loss of a flow of revenue.
It wanted to keep out competition and keep energy prices high,' said Mr Paul Achleitner of Goldman Sachs, the investment bank advising the Treuhand on the Mibrag deal. Mr Thomas Klante, spokesman for RWE Energie, holds a different view.
Lotus also said it introduced 1-2-3 Release 3.1+, an update of the 3.1 version of its 1-2-3 program.
The recognition process has proved to be a bureaucratic nightmare for the more than 100 tribes that have applied, mostly small tribes from the East and West coasts.
"Gays of the World Unite," says the masthead of Gay Pravda, a newspaper which went to press in the Netherlands this week for distribution among homosexuals in the Soviet Union.
Mr. Arkin said his client wouldn't pursue charges against the government.
Sind province officials met Ishaq Khan at the airport and briefed him on the massacre.
"Obviously, things are going to have to go on hold for many companies."
Even with cooperation from educators, he predicted it would take 10 years to achieve the reform aims outlined at the summit.
Bulletin Group, Economics Division, Bank of England, Threadneedle Street, London EC2R 8AH or selected bookshops.
Accept the U.S.-backed concept of trading land for peace.
When a stock reaches that level and is fairly priced, Mr. Lynch says, he quickly switches into other issues that he sees as undervalued by the market.
Among those ready to bolt the GOP for Dukakis is Jimmy Londis, 64, who came to the United States from Greece 30 years ago and runs the popular Jimmy's Lunch in Troy, known for its French toast.
The United States and Britain continued to keep their embassies open.
That won't help much.
Business slumps have forced layoffs at both Hughes Aircraft Co., which GM bought a year ago for $5.1 billion, and GMF Robotics, GM's factory-automation affiliate.
The bolivar was devalued.
Under the plan, the concept of sovereignty over the islands would give way to ownership by a jointly held business.
Miss Rafko, a registered nurse, used her reign to promote the nursing field.
But the world hadn't known, because, until Izvestia's story, the Soviets had kept the news to themselves.
Assets of money market mutual funds for the week ended March 13 were revised to $471.25 billion, and the increase from the previous week was revised to $3.1 billion.
This concert was part of the City of London Festival, though there was little to alert the audience to the fact.
The Medellin cartel is believed to be responsible for most cocaine shipments to the United States.
Motorists were urged to leave their cars at home.
But it would not be disastrous to rely on what is actually happening.
An autopsy ordered by the Cambria County coroner indicated that Justin's death was caused by a Wilm's tumor that weighed nearly five pounds.
In 1990, it rang up a loss of $243 million, mostly because of bad loans on real estate.
Perez is in Brasil, attending the inauguration of Fernando Collor de Mello.
The director Jack Gold is also much more famous in television.
Rivals are deeply sceptical that the relatively unfamiliar mail-order approach will catch on. But if it wasn't a high-wire act, Waitt wouldn't be having fun - which he patently is.
Some even worry that the area's new commercial potential may lead to the sort of gentrification that could force the old-time residents out.
For its domestic operations, Pemex imported petrochemicals valued at $105.2 billion.
Quality, choice, responsiveness and competition are what the punters have become accustomed to in the private sector.
Each broadcast will also include satellite-fed contributions from "World Monitor TV's" news desks in London, Tokyo and Washington. Hodding Carter III will be the program's regular commentator.
She is active in Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Evart, in northwestern lower Michigan.
One of Mr. Gould's early achievements, he added, was the prominent use of billboards promoting Robinson's commitment to fashion designers.
The four fatalities were all inside the pickup truck that smashed into the rear of the tanker, Stone said.
Ahmad Shah, a 44-year-old engineer with the hardline Ittihad Islami Party who has been named president of the provisional government, said the 14-member cabinet will meet once a week to outline new programs and plans.
Wall Street traders, who have been nervously hanging onto their Koppers shares as one court case after another threatened to upset the takeover, were ecstatic yesterday.
"The issue is whether the arrest violated Olson's Fourth Amendment rights.
Their hope, suspended in time for fifty years of Cold War, has come alive in this new, post-Communist era.
Mr. Devani's story is no ordinary tale of entrepreneurial perseverance.
The legislation did not spell out how to determine the replacement crop value.
The law has been amended twice since.
Which brings us back to current declamations on American racism.
A new radar system that will allow military observers to look over the Earth's horizon and get an earlier warning of enemy aircraft or drug-smuggling planes has been turned over to the Air Force.
This year's NBC-TV telecast of the Miss America Pageant will be presented live from the Atlantic City Convention Center.
Aucoin also is a co-defendant, along with two of his alleged employees _ Steve Bertolino and William G. Condon of Metairie _ and New Orleans businessman Wilson Abraham.
Wakes from the boats were blamed for destabilizing some submerged structures, said Marshall County Civil Defense Director John Martin.
Tens of thousands of Iranians are in Dubai, a port that deals extensively with Iran across the Gulf waters.
University President John Silber helped persuade Bush and Mitterrand to come to the school's urban campus.
The dollar had fallen 13.55 yen in 13 trading days before gaining 0.85 yen on Friday.
The suit, filed by the California Department of Health Services against Safety-Kleen Inc., Elgin, Ill., charges that the hazardous waste recycler committed nearly 100 violations of state and federal environmental laws in California.
Carloadings rose 3% at Union Pacific. Excluding a $575 million after-tax restructuring charge, Union Pacific's net would have risen 5%.
However, he added, the company expects revenue to "grow across the board in our different markets."
Japan is one of the few countries that allows criminal charges of professional negligence in such a case.
But while the build-up of Japanese competitive pressure ahead of the single European market is plainly part of the story, the Japanese producers are not enjoying life either.
That money was meant to strengthen the program, but now officials hope it will be enough to stay even.
America West Airlines has been given a deadline to line up financing commitments for its proposed $415 million purchase of Eastern Airline's lucrative Northeast shuttle or see its offer fail.
Foley filed, and, no small thanks to Lyndon Johnson's landslide, wrested away the 5th District seat which had been held by Republicans for 22 years.
Who said that foreigners can't get ahead in Japanese banks?
But Hillsborough Circuit Judge Susan Bucklew noticed an inconsistency in the report _ while Ms. Brooks was earning her master's in Washington, D.C., she was serving jail time in New York.
Two Indianapolis businessmen have purchased the Seattle Mariners baseball franchise for $76 million.
Federal law prohibits commercial operations in the parks, except in emergencies, Whitney said.
Mr. Muntz saw no grenade thrown and no "long knives."
Mark DeMoss, a Falwell spokesman, said Falwell sent Messner to meet with the Bakkers not long after Bakker resigned, but did not take any specific offer.
The government's chief economic forecasting gauge shook off the October stock market slump to post a 0.9 percent increase in February in a performance which analysts said should lay to rest fears of a 1988 recession.
He found in favor of player Marvin Powell, in a free-agency suit similar to Mr. McNeil's.
"Yes, it is," said Miss King.
Within an hour of opening, six children arrived at the shelters, and Ms. Ellis said four other young boys who showed up at one of the campuses left before entering, apparently because of television cameras nearby.
The legislation also includes $95 million for the On-Site Inspection Agency in fiscal 1990 and fiscal 1991.
Though tagged as a developer, Patten doesn't build things.
"We don't think there's very much merit in those conclusions at all," said Kenneth Leibler, president of the American Stock Exchange.
LIRR said 30,000 rail commuters were affected.
Eli Lilly Co. is crystallizing human growth hormone, which now is used to spur growth in children with certain growth disorders.
Hydro said the effect of the decline was partly offset by lower raw materials prices and higher smelter productivity.
(Not all were great individually, but taken whole the septet was a mythopoeic masterpiece).
Howmet Corp. said it agreed to buy a site in Claremore, Okla., where it will build a second company plant to repair and rebuild engine parts for jets.
"When you do not have emergency lights, you can still raise oil lamps, use the radio or shoot flare guns," he said.
But several traders said the market failed to capitalize on the rate cut as players quickly turned their attention to the U.S. trade report.
Mount Etna has been erupting since Sept. 11.
The government was committed to export-led growth including export-oriented services, he added.
He has held on to his father's retirement pin, and he has nostalgic feelings about this area near the Louisiana border, which is known as the Golden Triangle and is home to more than 40 industrial sites, mostly oil-related.
If these schools cannot tolerate religion, many parents will have another reason to get their children out.
Day One I realised my mistake.
After a hectic car chase through the outskirts of Turin, police arrested a man suspected of armed robbery.
"I'm thrilled, there is justice in this land," Eeles, 43, said afterward.
Two Palestinian factions battled in Beirut slums on Friday, leaving at least 28 people dead and 90 wounded, said police in the Lebanese capital.
Civic Union correctly points out that without an integrated industrial transition strategy, International Monetary Fund-style macro-level adjustment policies create only ruins and not viable 'commercial' entities.
By the mid-1950s, his dealer network stretched from Portland and Los Angeles to Miami and New York and accounted for 250,000 rentals a year.
Brussels is the headquarters of the 16-nation North American Treaty Organization.
They also issued a document promoting civil disobedience, which the white church did not endorse.
Regis Krebs of Beckemeyer, a town of 1,100 located 45 miles east of St. Louis, had pointed his combine toward home when he noticed the fire, which apparently was caused by a spark from the combine's muffler.
Authorities banned an independent rally called for Friday by signatories of the human rights document Charter 77 and four other dissident groups.
Per-share earnings fell to 61 cents in the first half from 82 cents a year ago.
But he said evangelism will not be easy in the Soviet Union, mainly because of a lack of books, facilities and funds.
GEIS was introduced five years ago as part of a programme to wean South Africa from its overdependence on primary commodity exports by offering a wide range of subsidies for the export of manufactured goods.
The federal government, after spending billions to resuscitate the Farm Belt, sees little sense in making it easy for beginning farmers again.
Borans, who rely on honey as an important part of their diet, also hunt for honey when no greater honeyguides are around.
A final dividend of 4.3p makes a forecast 16.8p (18.4p).
One day last week, his store sold five stoves. "We haven't been doing five stoves a month until now," he said.
I could only feel an overwhelming, crushing disappointment.
She was also a senior producer of NBC News' "Main Street," a monthly news hour for teen-agers, which has since been canceled.
He also noted that the journey will end at Tahlequah, Okla., the capital of the Cherokee Nation.
Since his announcement, other European governments have acknowledged similar organizations in their countries.
"The board's responsibility is not to make a moral judgment on Capt.
The Most Rev. Robert Runcie, spiritual leader of the Church of England and the worldwide Anglican communion, said today he had no quarrel with his government's policy of making no deals that would reward the kidnappers.
The permission was sought in relation to incentives/superannuation earned in the period to end-June. Opponents of the motions outvoted supporters at the meeting itself.
"It's all ego," says Philip Garfinkle, executive vice president of Entertainment Data Inc., which analyzes industry statistics.
That's when Salomon will dole out a $130-million deferred compensation pool to the firm's managing directors.
The chapter does not mention slave labor, price controls, exchange controls, prohibitions on private property, or restrictions on emigration.
The system is the biggest lender to the nation's farms.
Some face electoral capital punishment the next time they go to the voters.
In the first five months of 1990, China's industry was increasing production at a rate of less than 2 percent annually.
Airline stocks also generally were higher.
Gesell, meanwhile, refused Walsh's request to make more editing changes in the 300 prosecution exhibits.
Humphreys obtained information that was instrumental in the release of Lenell Geter, an engineer from South Carolina who spent two years in Texas prisons for a robbery before another suspect was identified.
One performer parodied the theme song from the television show "Rawhide."
President Turgut Ozal said Friday that Turkey is on guard against a possible Iraqi attack, but he played down the possibility his country will become a target.
And he said he would return in September with a comprehensive plan to attack the "national menace" of drug abuse.
"There hasn't been any great big fundamental change in the economy in the past two weeks" to justify the market's sharp move, said Ms. Hughes.
Everything is on a manageable, human scale and honesty is taken for granted.
The lending came to HK$33 billion, against which provisions of HK$3.6 billion had been made, representing a provision level of 11%.
Reformers, with nearly 500 committed delegates, represent the strongest faction at the congress, with staunch conservatives numbering less than 100.
Aran shares closed unaltered at 16p. Rosehaugh shivers The arrival of a receiver at Rosehaugh sent shivers through the property market with selected stocks being marked back in nervous trading.
Activity remained light at 384.5 million shares, compared with 412.7 million shares on Thursday.
There have been conflicting reports in recent days about whether the Japanese central bank will reduce its discount rate, which is its fee on loans to financial institutions, in an effort to counter the impact of the weak dollar on Japan's economy.
The awards, which recognize excellence in reporting, were made by the Raymond Clapper Foundation and the Barnet Nover Foundation. Each award also carried a $1,500 cash prize.
Thus, the White House is considering staging a public signing ceremony that will give Mr. Reagan another chance to express his disappointment at the measure.
That fear may owe something to Sandinista campaign strategy of linking the guard to U.S.-supported Contra guerrillas and the opposition coalition.
American Express says it's pleased with the small-business card, but wouldn't divulge the number of its small-business card holders.
No details were available on the size or kind of unit involved.
The tone remained marginally negative, with most traders merely squaring their positions ahead of the advance estimate of gross domestic product in the three months to the end of September.
In a memo written by city Human Resources Administrator William Grinker and Sara L. Kellermann, the commissioner of the city's Department of Mental Health, the two argued that the plan was ill-advised.
The house was built in 1896 for Mrs Gerard Streatfield, in whose family it stayed for nearly 70 years. The 21-acre grounds include a fine terraced western hillside designed by Jekyll; the dry stone walls are planted with sedums and campanulas.
Many City economists have now come round to the Bank of England's more relaxed view on inflation.
In New Jersey, where AT&T is based, 139 jobs would be cut.
Why, then, Mr. Maksoud, are all the various Arab factions killing each other in Beirut if indeed there is an effective Lebanese army?
That a new breed of innovative retailers has entered the marketplace, intent on attracting customers to quality goods at lower prices, is precisely the secret of American competitive success.
This weakness has already caused a substantial decline in the size of the deposit insurance fund administered by the FDIC.
Pravda ran the censored letters under the banner headline "Letters From Florida" and undoubtedly expected big propaganda points as a result.
While few companies offer long-term care as such, many have increased benefits for home health care and hospices.
The United States is assessed more than $200 million every year by the United Nations _ about a quarter of the regular budget of $800 million.
Three yuppie couples travel to the hill country for a bit of rest and relaxation.
The panel said it was generally pleased with Westinghouse's program for training reactor operators, but the training was "missing coverage of reactors fundamentals" that are always included in training for commercial nuclear plants.
'Local staff have their own budgets and can take their own decisions.
His last major public appearance was in October 1987, when Presser spoke to the AFL-CIO biennial convention.
In addition, Barton's Mr. Mazzoni says discussions are under way with Corona's Mexican brewer about new product and package extensions.
After 30 years of grace the locusts are back, cutting a swath from the desert to the rich agricultural lands of North Africa and, possibly, beyond.
Farrell created the sculpture.
"If you ask me what is the Achilles heel of this program, I think it is refrigeration and existing equipment.
The father was released that night.
"If the public investment in Sematech is not followed by an increase in the competitive strength of U.S. chipmakers and their suppliers, Sematech as a public policy will not have been successful," the study said.
It is a sensitive, unfussed and traditional recension by Maina Gielgud.
More important is the fact that Mr. Milken possessed no advance, insider information about the merger, as the government's own investigation demonstrated.
A longer version of this appears in the Journal of Democracy's summer issue.
Confessions made without an attorney present are admissible in Mexico, although the accused are permitted to recant them in court later.
William W. Hamilton Jr., director of Planned Parenthood's Washington office, says Mr. Robertson is making projections when "you can't tell what's going to happen 10 years out."
NYSE leaders called member firms and specialists to ensure they had adequate capital should the market collapse.
A. Gray Collins, 55, who has been executive vice president for external affairs, becomes vice president for corporate relations.
Presley's estate has filed similar lawsuits in other concert locations and settled most of them out of court, Brickman said.
Lorimar retains the right to walk away if the merger doesn't bring its stockholders at least $15 per share, which means Warner's stock price must average $36 per share.
In early 1985, a dollar could be exchanged for more than 250 Japanese yen.
In Italy, rainfall from Jan. 1 to July 20 this year was nearly 40 percent below the average of the last 30 years, according to a Weather Bureau spokesman, Lt.
The passengers were traveling to Nakhon Ratchasima province to celebrate the Thai new year when the bus crashed Wednesday in Manorom district in Chainat, 120 miles north of Bangkok, Pichet said.
The releases are viewed as tacit acknowledgement by the government of the ANC's influence and popularity.
He said he hoped that the loans would be agreed in the next fortnight and insisted that a levy on farmers was 'very remote'.
Do you think that the relations with Mexico are going to be damaged now that Mexico is asking for the extradition or the return of Dr. Alvarez Machain? A: No.
While public centers struggle, privately operated treatment facilities have beds to spare.
Contract talks between American and its union, the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, broke off in March, triggering a 30-day cooling-off period that expired April 25.
As chief executive of the state of Massachusetts he has steadfastly refused to permit the critical warning and communication facility _ the Ground Wave Emergency Network (GWEN) _ to be built in his state, leaving a serious gap in our nation's defense.
High winds killed some early bloom on the trees, he added, but that won't affect orange production.
At the hearing, Criminal Court Judge Michael Nadel denied a motion from Sharpton's lawyer to dismiss charges, despite a threat that the group would refuse to leave the room unless he granted it.
Three teen-agers have been convicted of manslaughter in the case, and seven other defendants face trial on lesser charges.
It sounds good in theory but is difficult in practice because growth consumes resources almost by definition.
"And to see all the wonderful people in this world _ I've been over to the Soviet Union and met the people over there, and they're just as nice as the people here in the United States, and that's true of the people in Iran and Israel and everywhere.
He pointedly did not rule out military action.
Burton forecast an unchanged interim dividend of 1p.
THE receivers running Mowat, the property and leisure company that collapsed earlier this week, said yesterday that nearly all the 58,000 holidays booked with the group were secure.
Ownership appears related to living in a house rather than an apartment.
For the first nine months of the 1989 fiscal year, the company earned of $264,000, or 11 cents a share, on sales of $5.9 million.
The biggest fan in the Souter family is the judge's mother, who will be 83 this week.
Perhaps he is disappointed that he never wrote the "big book" of conservative ideas that he once planned, but if so, he should not be.
Witnesses said about 100 East German police scuffled with about 50 would-be emigres in front of the U.S. Embassy, preventing their entry.
But also, some of Mr. Nishi's theories have fallen flat in practice.
Saab Automobile lost $430 million last year.
I don't think people wanted to hear from me what I had to say about Bush," he said.
Kim said the flow had no direct path toward the ocean without cutting through populated areas.
In 1989, U.S. trans-Pacific trade totaled $297 billion, compared with total trade of $207 billion with Europe, according to a State Department official.
Party leaders, including Takeshita and his predecessor, Yasuhiro Nakasone, took Recruit money and Takeshita admitting to accepting the equivalent of $1.1 million in various forms.
The liability cannot be enforced against the individual either if he remains overseas. No legal responsibility can be accepted by the Financial Times for the answers given in these columns.
Spokesman Jacques Lachapelle told a Montreal news conference the commission is considering suing the police for blocking the flow of food into the settlement.
Contract talks between the union and the nation's Big Three automakers _ General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler _ begin next summer.
A few thousand probably will get to move into the homes in Thabong when they are completed.
Only the ozone alarm can do that.
Only 2 percent of unionized Eastern pilots have crossed picket lines, he said.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the president used the occasion to thank those lawmakers who had removed a provision from the bill that would have authorized expansion of federal Medicaid payments for abortions.
Similarly, the assumptions on which the big retailers have been operating no longer hold.
The amoral Mrs. Begbick and her band of law-breaking opportunists establish Mahoganny, a town of fantasy where they plan to bilk the bored but well-heeled.
A major hurdle, however, is convincing consumers that pre-cut fruits and vegetables are as fresh as those they can choose themselves from the produce bin.
We don't have to do nothin' but bring the rig man a dirty needle for a clean one and the cops don't bother us.
The Feb. 1-3 trip was timed so that Quayle can attend the presidential inaguration of Venezuela's Carlos Andres Perez on Feb. 2.
"Things are gradually getting better," said Emanuel Goldman, a beverage analyst with PaineWebber Inc. in San Francisco.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by about 7 to 4 on the NYSE, with 941 stocks up, 564 down and 488 unchanged.
The FPO piled up ever bigger scores in three regional elections last autumn, culminating in Vienna in November where it took 23 per cent of the vote and displaced the OVP as the runner up. But this year does not look so bright for Mr Haider.
Pounds 510; Monks Partnership European Company Car Survey 1992, from Monks Partnership, Debden Green, Saffron Walden, Essex CB11 3LX.
The equivalent of a Cray supercomputer, with a video screen, will eventually sit in your living room.
Researchers reason that by flooding the bloodstream with copies of CD4, the virus will mistakenly attack these decoys and miss the blood cells.
Western diplomats said they hope the Soviet Union will use the new resolution as the pretext for withdrawing its advisors in Iraq.
In response to the department's moves toward mandatory reporting, 13 airlines on Monday offered to file voluntary monthly reports detailing on-time performance, flight cancellations and lost baggage.
But most securities firms were brimming with profits after six months of soaring stock values and a five-year-old global bull market for equities.
As a result, Morgan Stanley stepped up its focus on cyclical companies, often telling corporate executives that it could raise more money for them at higher prices than other Wall Street firms could.
Press reports suggested the intended victim may have been a judge who drove past shortly afterward.
The Supreme Court's tie vote upheld a lower court ruling that the airline may not cancel the check-off provision unless it is agreed to in negotiations with the workers.
New York air traffic controllers declared a fuel emergency aboard an Avianca jet from Colombia after the pilot said he only had 15 minutes of fuel, a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman said Wednesday.
"We're both old faces, and why not get some new faces?"
It is unclear whether the government will legalize all of the new opposition groups.
In this campaign, Gonzalez and other Socialist leaders maintain that opposition parties have failed to come up with serious platforms and alternatives.
They must buy furniture, houses, cars, children's clothing and such with money that otherwise might have been put into savings.
The New Democrats would bring the troops home and cancel Mulroney's $6.5 billion plan to acquire Canada's first fleet of nuclear-powered submarines.
'With the exception of a negligible growth in the second quarter of 1992, manufacturers have not seen growth since the beginning of 1990 and are still forecasting further decline as we start 1993,' the report said.
"We see a real future in the magazine category, and we are adding more magazines and building this group," says Martin Singerman, president and chief executive officer of the company's News America publishing unit.
Both men will also serve on the company board, increasing the number of directors to six from four.
Operating profit rose 27 per cent to Pounds 2.67m, on sales of Pounds 13.5m, up 18 per cent. Mr Thompson said the group's new nitrogen generators were attracting 'tremendous' interest.
Most of Drexel's multibillion-dollar U.S. Treasury securities portfolio was sold by Thursday, Drexel officials said.
'The fight for just relations with Europe must continue, but there should not be a south-south fight.
Alachua County is eager to get back to its normal self, a place where people come to study, to raise cattle or perhaps to be healed at famous hospitals.
We decry it." "Riot would be unfortunate," says Jean McGuire, executive director of the AIDS Action Counsel, a Washington-based lobbying group.
"They invested in options and a horse farm and other things," said Barry D. Goldman, the assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case.
"Unfortunately, the SAW program as enacted by Congress is highly vulnerable to fraud," said Perry Rivkind, INS district director. "Most immigration officials and employees are hard-working, honest people.
He did not name the third country allegedly involved but said the sugar "was brought into Mozambique by a country in which the Pretoria regime operates freely." Tambo did not say if any ANC officials had been poisoned.
The objections came yesterday as a Senate agriculture credit subcommittee began its own work on a farm credit bill containing a similar "Farmer Mac" provision.
His successor, 53-year-old Bruce Hackett, is a disciplined manager but doesn't wield great weight around the firm.
He said it should be ready for signing in September.
The IRS also has been burned by bad publicity in the past.
There's market talk that a sizable Freddie Mac Remic backed by Freddie Mac 10% bonds may soon be priced.
The yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond held at 8.45%.
Many such cities were poorly built, but the new residents of Slavutich expect their city to be different.
Elaborate paper transactions are another favorite tactic for hiding budgetary effects.
"There is an atmosphere of distrust throughout the ministry," says Mr. Miranda, who now gives French lessons here.
Unlike macroeconomics, which has many mysteries, it is no big problem for economists to design tax systems that lessen the distortions against investment.
Sri Lanka's ruling party won an overwhelming victory in local council elections, and President Premadasa said the results were a vote of confidence for his embattled government.
Not that fund shareholders are complaining.
So I'm assuming that the Reagan foundation indeed is serious.
In 1913, the U.S. Parcel Post system went into operation.
Moreover, the client would avoid a loss.
The Massachusetts governor spent four days campaigning in Ohio and Indiana, but figured only a two-day swing through next week's primary states in West Virginia and Nebraska would be sufficient to move them into his column.
The case of Victor Louis's liver is one symptom of the massive ailment afflicting Britain's National Health Service.
The suit alleges that Inde hid his participation in war crimes when he came to the United States 1949 and applied for naturalization.
Based on a forgotten scenario by William Faulkner, one of de Gaulle's most fervent admirers, director Denys Granier-Deferre has made a TV movie recounting the war years.
Worries about the election outcome held volume down on the Tokyo Stock Exchange most of last week, and have been cited as a major factor behind the market's weakness since the start of the year.
Consider an example of a so-called crack spread.
"If you translate the same number to Bolar, you're looking for a very big number," even allocating only half of it, Mr. Shah says.
The plant employs 550 people.
Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc. will plead guilty to federal charges that it intentionally dumped hazardous waste into sewers near its fruit-processing plant in an eastern Massachusetts town, authorities said Tuesday.
"Investment bankers are rumored to work 24 hours a day, seven days a week and 52 weeks out of the year," he says.
Today, airports are struggling to handle the vast throngs of the deregulated Jet Age.
Foley and other Democrats have contended that lowering the capital gains tax would hurt the Treasury and help the wealthy. Bush argues it would stimulate economic growth and thus be a net money-raiser, not a loser, for the Treasury.
Inventors can be cantankerous, suspicious and overzealous, often possessed of a highly inflated view of the value and market-readiness of their ideas.
Never before has a leader here been so maligned.
Much to the relief of Austrian stockbrokers, bankers and the business community, the ceasefire in neighbouring Yugoslavia is providing an incentive for foreign investors to return to the Vienna stock exchange.
Christian army units and Moslem militiamen clashed Monday in heavy artillery duels across Beirut, and police said one person was injured.
But some guide-posts were available.
Pathmark's Premium All Purpose Cleaner seemed to have all the elements of the perfect store brand.
The other aliens were turned over to the U.S. Border Patrol for deportation.
The court, without comment, left intact a ruling that only the federal government may regulate airline ads.
But when did our Mr W ever care about realism?
The government must return millions of dollars of Manuel Noriega's assets unless it can prove he obtained them illegally, a federal judge has ruled.
More than you might think.
Angus McEachran, editor of the Press, said he had received no communication from the Guild or the NLRB.
The Unionists held the second-largest number of ministerial and parliamentary seats after Mahdi's Umma Party.
In a Moscow dinner speech honoring Mubarak, Gorbachev denounced settling Jewish immigrants among the 1.7 million Palestinians living in the West Bank and Gaza as "anti-Soviet."
The audit, dated Jan. 19, was obtained under the Freedom of Information Act.
BZW also lowered its estimates for Blue Circle, finally 3 firmer at 210p. With recriminations still flying over the collapse of talks to sell its catering division, Forte remained friendless.
He saw himself as part of the political process, helping the politicians and the public to communicate with each other.
Draw up specified time periods in which claims should be paid, and maintain and disclose complaint information by company and line of insurance.
Dealers said there was little turnover as most market participants squared their positions ahead of Thursday's U.S. trade report and the Washington meeting of the Group of Seven major industrial nations this week.
Liposome Co. rose 2 7/8 to 19 3/8 after receiving a patent for the use of non-liposomal forms of lipids in buffering patients from the toxicity of certain drugs.
But if The Three Graces is saved, some of the kudos will rub off on Dorrell as well.
I'd been singing rhythm 'n' blues.
The prince said his son would take his place at peace talks between the guerrillas and the Vietnam-backed Phnom Penh government that are scheduled to open July 25 in Jakarta.
But ABA officials said the 11th-hour lobbying came only after the Justice Department refused for more than a year to discuss the issues.
Red Adair Co. firefighters have only one of their so-called Athey Wagons on location, said Richard Hatteburg, an official with that Houston company.
Mr. Kassar, who owns 56% stake in Carolco, lives in a heavily guarded Beverly Hills mansion, gets a salary of $1.5 million and travels the world in a Carolco jet.
Many observers feel that if not quite pro-western, the council as a whole is well acquainted with the west.
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, D-Maine, said in Washington today, "I wouldn't get too worked up about a district court ruling.
An opposition alliance in Egypt said hundreds of its members had been arrested as the country's voters prepared for today's parliamentary elections, which are expected to be won by President Mubarak's party.
"Push on one side and a bulge will come out on the other."
Instead, there was late buying in New York and London futures markets, and crude for January delivery settled 25 cents higher at $20.76 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Lee said he believes there are thousands of pits and tanks covered with an oily film in his region of Texas alone, and "I have reason to believe there are at least as many pits per area of oil production in other parts of Texas.
Military manpower advanced 5 percent in Europe over 1970-87, compared with a 31 percent decline in the United States, according to the European figures.
Now landfill workers say they will miss the porkers.
Avi Pazner, a spokesman for Shamir, was asked about the report and replied: "We know nothing about this." In a related development Sunday, Egypt criticized Israel on new settlements in occupied Arab territories.
There is no direct mention of Mr. Navellier's dispute with Insight Capital Management.
"Everything was in the Lord's hands," he said.
Escrow accounts are kept by lending institutions to make payments for property taxes, insurance and other items which borrowers must pay.
But theft victims in El Paso are less likely than residents of other areas to recover their stolen cars, primarily because they disappear over the border, police said.
Poles, meanwhile, braced for higher food costs under Warsaw's plan to end price controls today.
It was a fairly small fire," the spokeswoman said.
Unlike a regular mutual fund, shares of the MFS fund are listed on the New York Stock Exchange and must be bought and sold just like any other stock.
The good news for Labor is that it feels better about its leadership.
The GOP's Dole finished first in both states.
"I think it was probably our most popular design," said John Fay, whose Atlantic Screen Print Co. is putting out a winter version that shows Bush on cross-country skis.
The Big Red used it to pass for a touchdown as the gun sounded, and the extra point made the score 7-3. There was some confusion afterward about what had happened, but everyone went home believing Cornell had won.
It said the meeting is a continuation of conciliatory talks that started between Mubarak and Libyan leader Col. Moammar Gadhafi at last week's Arab League summit at Casablanca, Morocco.
Although disclosures of fraud and corruption in the Food and Drug Administration's generic drug division have tainted the agency's reputation and cast doubts about the industry, many say concerns about the safety of generic drugs are overblown.
"Ed is so steeped in history and tradition," said one person familiar with the situation.
Many migrant children never catch up in school, so they drop out.
"She recognizes that we've got to work hard to open markets around the world on the one hand," Mr. Robinson said.
Judge Zobel withdrew from the case in June after her mother-in-law died, leaving an estate that included 2,250 shares of Kodak.
In the countryside, some peasants live in huts of baked mud and straw and go without electricity.
Sears, Roebuck and Co. may announce this week where it plans to move its Merchandise Group, and some employees say the company's actions suggest it has picked a site out of state, a newspaper reported today.
A father in another home 65 miles away copes with the devastating news he had a daughter he will never meet.
A 3-week-old son he has never seen will be waiting for Nabil Seyam when he gets back to Wichita this week after more than two months trapped in Iraqi-occupied Kuwait.
"We've certainly been in the dark."
They took turns reading from the chapter, in which Emma asks picnic participants to say either one brilliant thing, two moderately amusing things, or three dull things.
The other is Edward E. Hood, who is 60.
He said the dividend would be payable June 11 to shareholders of record as of May 21.
Xerox said it would release its first quarter results toward the end of April.
Ross Anderson, 42, of The Seattle Times, for national reporting.
It's been 42 years since I left," she said.
Richard D. Pearson, AMR vice president, operations administration, will be AirCal's interim chairman and chief executive until the West Coast airline is integrated into American.
He concluded that 24 states may end up losing more than $1 billion in the bailout, led by New York, where the net cost could be between $13.5 billion and $17.3 billion.
The official quoted Nakayama as reiterating the Japanese position that these trade issues would be discussed, but not under the cloud of threatened U.S. sanctions.
Radon is a radioactive gas emitted in some degree by all soils. It quickly decays into other substances, but its decay products are also radioactive and can lodge in the lung, irradiating the tissue for a lifetime.
Chemical Asia Ltd., which is part of Chemical New York Corp. and which is arranging the loan for Hyundai Canada, said the facility carried an annual interest rate of 0.25 percentage point above the London interbank-offered rate.
Mr. Gonring said the company expects to complete its financial restructuring by year-end, but he declined to be more specific.
So, for example, Lotus 1-2-3 selling for Dollars 495 in the US, costs Dollars 752 in the UK, Dollars 821 in Germany and Dollars 1006 in France. 'It is not just mass-market pc software' the magazine observed.
The Greek Olympic Committee said its decision is "the minimum expression of disapproval" of Atlanta's winning the bidding to host the 1996 Games, denounced by the Greek press as greed, money and commercialism defeating Olympic ideals.
"It's a double-edged sword though, because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis."
Michigan General Corp. and its financially troubled Diamond Lumber chain of home-building stores filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code.
He said he expects a conference committee comprising members of both the House and Senate to bring the measures together.
We are quite happy with the partnership.
The dispute was the subject of a front-page story in The Wall Street Journal in October.
Pending indictment, all four men face a federal complaint of possession of cocaine with intent to distribute.
Israeli sources who spoke on condition of anonymity said Israeli soldiers and South Lebanon Army fighters continued to search the area hours after the clash.
Mr Ayzderdis was chairman of a little-known bank called MDK before he was elected to parliament.
Traditionally, top posts in Czechoslovakia have been divided between Czechs and Slovaks.
Other elements of the year's budget clash should sound familiar.
"We have always told them to warn us before if they have a problem, and we would find another city," Pyle said. "They always said, `No problem."' Stansbury has an unlisted telephone number and could not be reached this morning.
Bush denies the allegations.
Siemens had already plunged 57 marks, or 7.7%, when the first news of the income decline leaked out early last week, but it recovered 10 marks Thursday and Friday.
The phrase refers to the date and place where Ramirez made his controversial comment.
B.J. Isaacson-Jones of Reproductive Health Services and Andrew Puzder, a longtime leader in Missouri's anti-abortion movement, have discussed over the past eight months letting an anti-abortion counselor work at the clinic.
Mayor said the new communications program will be submitted to the governing Executive Board, which meets next week to plan for the 1990s.
Mr Balladur said he would accelerate rebates of value added tax to companies if they create jobs or take on more apprentices.
The claim includes demands for changes in the settlement date.
They say that Mr. Milken didn't have to bribe money managers to purchase the risky securities; these securities, they say, were valuable and highly profitable.
Frederick D. Pettit was named managing director and chief operating officer of the private-banking group of this firm, a newly created position.
Seagull Energy Corp. of Houston is expected to complete a $201 million purchase of oil and gas properties later this month.
The two Amtrak locomotives and a baggage car were destroyed in the collision.
The grandiosity of the kid's reply took the wind out of me, so I didn't remind him of what finally happened to the real Roman Empire.
There was just one Japanese restaurant in Manhattan.
Mr. Buchanan didn't understand that the squabbling could damage the organization, people close to him say.
The two sides already have agreed to several major elements of a futures-market plan in the Senate.
While the study does not claim that the changes are due to the greenhouse effect, the group's leader, D.W. Schindler, said the changes could be a preview of what is to come if the Earth does warm up.
"The dollar has become less attractive because of growing pessimism over the U.S. economic performance," said a Mitsubishi Bank dealer, speaking on condition of anonymity.
It specifies stringent standards to its suppliers, many of which it has been dealing with for decades. At the same time, by buying early in large quantities, it can get very good prices.
Analysts estimated the gains could total $300 million.
Visitors to a factory or school are told how Kim stood on a nearby hill to order it built, then provided "on-the-spot guidance" now and then.
Fitzwater was referring to the appointment of Arkady Maslennikov, 58, as Gorbachev's chief spokesman.
Hong Kong's trade deficit widened sharply in March, to the equivalent of $305.2 million from $134.4 million a year earlier, the government said.
They stressed that their work should be evaluated in the context of their democratic society.
CEOs also placed more importance than subordinates on employee productivity and employee satisfaction.
This week he gave a ringing affirmation to the arm's length principle.
But, looking at the actor's astonishing box-office record, Cannon figured if anyone could create a phenomenon, he could.
"The actions requested in the agreement (with the Federal Reserve bank) are consistent with, and complement, our own efforts to strengthen Midlantic," Mr. Scheuring said in a statement.
Ambassadorial nominee Donald Gregg, under intense questioning by Senate Democrats, did not waver Thursday from his insistence that he didn't know at the time about Oliver L. North's secret efforts to resupply Nicaraguan rebels.
But he said Israel may pursue an action seeking damages against St. Martin's.
Shot once, found in the house.
In the process, Baker bypassed the United Nations.
THERE are about 30 cities in China with more than 1m inhabitants; several forming the focus of conurbations which are home to up to 15m people.
So now what is called for is an imaginative choice of chairman. Among those already on the board, one obvious candidate would be deputy chairman Herschel Post, an American so anglicised that a fellow board member had no idea Post was not English.
Chikane demanded that the South African government reassert jurisdiction over the community, restore the demolished homes and compensate for damages.
It was at this point that the connectors group, which makes pipe fittings and other products, got interested in Hildburghausen.
In remarks delivered Saturday and published yesterday in Poland's major newspapers, Jaruzelski also declared full support for Soviet leader Gorbachev's campaign for political and economic changes.
He knows he's guilty.
Dukakis blamed Reagan administration policies he said fueled prosperity in some regions but ingored and exacerbated economic distress in others.
"The third quarter was nasty.
Police posted near the station saw a group of Sikhs running from the train into wheat fields but were unable to catch them, Gupta said in an interview.
"When the audit rate was 4% or 5% the word filtered around that the chances of getting audited weren't that great.
Some members of the Long family who were contacted refused to comment; others couldn't be reached.
They are the first step, preceding the ordering of equipment, the letting of construction contracts and actual spending.
Alberto Rispoli, secretary-general of La Scala, said it was "a miracle" the company was able to stage all its performances during the Oct. 2-Nov.
"Even if you increase the faucet flow, if you don't close the drain, you won't get an erection."
If the ANC is having trouble managing its relatively small exile movement, how will it be able to run South Africa?
There he was a winner, with 11 votes to Dole's 6.
"If we can get elected this way, literally we're free," he says.
Dr Roger Penn, one of the authors of the report, criticised the 'lack of effective training'. The report's recommendations include: Greater investment in training management.
At least 64 people died nationwide since Thursday, bringing to 748 the nationwide death toll from floods that began with the monsoon rains in June, newspapers reported today.
Washington recently has seemed pleased with Japan's economic efforts, particularly a six trillion-yen ($42 billion) stimulative package unveiled in May.
According to the last census, for example, dropout rates in the region averaged 25 percent, compared with 20 percent nationally, and ran more than 40 percent in seven Delta counties.
And he said children born to Americans living abroad are often denied U.S. citizenship in their own right.
A new television series is helping change that.
Brokers expect profits for the second quarter to be around Fl 25m against a loss of Fl 30m in the second quarter of 1993.
Barcelona started out with a very rich architectural base, its restored Gothic quarter ("barrio gotico") and cathedral, its Parisian boulevards and its Catalan "art-nouveau" houses by Antonio Gaudi and his followers.
Wedtech has advised the stock exchange that it hasn't been able to transfer its securities to another market, the Big Board said.
"The only utility for that radar was to monitor Nicaragua," McCall said.
But baseball's legal battery is now criticized by some owners, and some lawyers familiar with events, for largely letting events roll along.
In the manner of the old Jack Benny shows he spoofs television and frequently talks directly to the audience.
Indonesia's Foreign Minister Ali Alatas, a main organizer of past Cambodian peace talks, met Wednesday in Bangkok with leaders of the three guerrilla groups to try to revive the peace process but gave no indication of progress.
Freed hostage Frank Reed pronounced himself in good health Saturday, saying "I'm beautiful, I'm OK."
"No one told them what was happening," the colleague said.
It was followed by a European Community decision to refuse Iraqi orders to close embassies in Kuwait and a veiled threat that Iraqi embassies in Europe could also be shut.
The Federal Reserve poured reserves into the banking system immediately after the Oct. 19 stock market crash and won praise from almost everyone for its action.
Steve Kux, 41, was listed in fair condition at Queen's Medical Center with broken bones and cuts.
Final pricing information as received from each of the underwriters is as follows: $200 million of notes purchased by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group.
But American observers said that the opposition candidate, Guillermo Endara, actually won and the vote fraud that was taking place was all too obvious, thus causing Noriega to call off the farce.
Edson was indicted on two counts of obstruction of justice and two counts of failure to report child abuse.
The most dangerous moment of the flight, Golovanov wrote, came when Armstrong took manual control of the module for the final descent.
The average tuition increase at state colleges was 7 percent this fall, according to a College Board survey.
In the Cotswolds, you can choose between dozens of 18th century tables; Regency bookcases; Gothic chests; country dressers; and decorative clocks, pots, and pewter.
A key recommendation of the task force is that banks report suspicions, either to the police or to specialist bodies in some countries, such as the Tracfin unit in the French Finance Ministry.
For high-school dropouts or underprivileged youths, being a courier is one of the best shots at a first job.
The move to raise senators' salaries was spurred largely by a disparity in pay between the Senate and the House. Currently, the base annual pay of senators is $101,900, compared with $125,100 for House members.
You're buying enormous lifetime protection," says Judy Schub, a lobbyist for the AARP.
Salomon has upset some bond managers by this month including Italy in its world index, because some doubt whether Italian debt can any longer be regarded as of high quality. The use of equity indices can be controversial, too.
"We could easily come in third and yet have the best Olympic team we've ever had," says Mike Moran, a spokesman for the U.S. Olympic Committee.
"We can't afford to become a nation of video arcades, drive-in banks and McDonald's hamburger stands," warns Chrysler Corp. chairman Lee Iacocca.
Whatever the outcome of probes by the ethics panel and the House Banking Committee, the political jeopardy for Riegle is obvious.
The SEC is pondering the step as the political heat over the issue has reached searing levels.
The other 20, ranging from 3 pounds to 8 pounds, occupy a pond in his basement.
A spot check of the residents showed that most were opposed to temporary removal but would accept permanent relocation if the government would help pay for it.
Roh has introduced broad reforms since he took office in February.
And Arizona earlier this year formed a data base of craftsmen schooled in the art of restoring intricate Spanish facades on adobe structures, among other detail work.
Consumer spending is watched closely as a barometer of economic health because it accounts for about two-thirds of the nation's economic activity.
At a meeting in Moscow Thursday, the seven-nation Warsaw Pact said it needed to transform itself into a political body and sought "constructive cooperation" with the 16-member Western alliance.
Soviet authorities sometimes dealt with troublesome dissidents by expelling them from the country.
Cherif subsequently bought and sold stock in four companies, making $230,000 for himself and several thousand dollars for relatives and friends, prosecutors said.
We teach people to drive well, and to observe speed limits, but that doesn't mean we always obey them.
The suit accused the Commerce Department of using "unlawful" methods in determining what anti-dumping duties to impose on a Chinese lug-nut competitor.
The St. Augustine Humane Society helped catch others, but they relocated them too close, enabling some to return.
The record amount to be invested by the Daiwa fund surpasses the $2 billion MFS Intermediate Income Trust, the largest comparable U.S. fund, according to Thomas J. Herzfeld, a specialist in mutual funds.
Other members of the pioneering 1953 British expedition also returned to the base camp at the Pen-y-Gwryd Hotel in the Snowdonia mountains in north Wales.
Daedalus landed safely but his son Icarus flew too close to the sun.
The prisoner release is seen as a gesture by Tehran to end more than a decade of acrimony with Cairo.
But Mexico decided this month that his was a political case not covered by the extradition treaty between the two countries.
Awan and the other defendants maintain their innocence.
Whatever the outcome, municipal-finance specialists say Bridgeport's plight is widespread and underscores the growing risks and complexities of investing in the $840 billion municipal bond market.
The Democrats are fielding a number of strong women candidates for open seats and against incumbents.
Governments will be urged to maintain prudent policies to secure steady growth with low inflation. Wednesday: Britain's trade with countries outside the European Union is expected to show some improvement in November.
A top State Department official met Thursday with China's ambassador amid reports that China has helped Libya develop chemical weapons.
Each year, Sheik Jaber al-Ahmed al-Sabah, like leaders in the rest of the conservative countries on the Arabian Peninsula, marks Eid al-Adha by receiving long lines of well-wishes at his palace.
But "far more (women) are working casual and parttime" than expected, and probably average six to eight weeks, notes Anne Watts, the bank's equal-opportunities manager.
"The city is woefully behind on the treatment end of the equation, and the commander in chief has not been in charge," Chatman said.
Firms are already labouring under real interest rates of around 4 5 per cent, even though nominal rates are at an all-time low. Worst of all is the spectre of real debt inflation - the real value of companies and individuals' debt is rising.
London is where George III operated and, if you believe what they told you in the sixth grade, gave the orders oppressing the American colonists until they threw him overboard along with the tea and formed these United States.
Prepare to shell out 80 beaks, plus materials.
"Businesses apparently decided that the market crash would not affect them because they were depending on an export boom this year, not increased domestic demand," said Michael Evans, head of a Washington forecasting firm.
Burns also said the cost of the parts were estimated prices and final amounts will be negotiated.
The leading cause of accidental deaths continued to be mishaps involving cars, trucks and other vehicles.
The group didn't elaborate.
But a gossip column with rules struck some readers as ridiculous.
The highest rate in the second quarter was in the San Francisco Home Loan Bank district, where the cost of funds jumped to 8.75% from 8.09% in the first quarter.
Tokyo prosecutors pursuing Japan's largest tax-evasion case arrested two businessmen on suspicion of dodging 5.74 billion yen ($44.5 million) in taxes on income allegedly raised through fraudulent sales of golf club memberships.
Many Hill Samuel executives don't want to participate in TSB's plan to concentrate the bank's corporate-finance activities on small and medium-sized U.K. companies.
The Soviets use small Soyuz capsules to transport cosmonauts to and from the space station.
Work would begin around January 1989.
All accepted bids were at 8.275%.
The dollar closed in Tokyo at 125.68 Japanese yen, up from 125.35 yen at Wednesday's close.
But Republicans say they are making inroads.
They add volume.' The CME said only that it co-operated with the CFTC.
Unfortunately, as many new owners are discovering, Dalmatians can be unruly.
Dismantling the Green Line would be the first step toward the creation of a militia-free "Greater Beirut" extending 22 miles along the Mediterranean coast and covering the capital's nearby suburbs at the foothills of the central mountains.
The Rev. Robert Culp, Bernard Culp's brother, told supporters the ministers' lawyers would seek a preliminary injunction to shut down the city's Community Development Department.
It is electric and one can see immediately why dissident Russians so admired the play.
Authorities said they didn't know how much the coins were worth.
In 1987, Wood estimated his net worth at up to $46 million.
Justice Scalia, who declined to be interviewed for this article, does seem to do more exchanging than most of his colleagues.
UNITA is not party to the cease-fire and says it will keep fighting until power-sharing talks take place.
The kingdom's production has dipped below four million barrels a day this month, nonetheless, and Saudi Arabia had been expected to broaden efforts to hold sales.
"When carriage horses were of yore 100 years ago, Manhattan was an oasis.
And how many times have you been married?'
Evans was on the road campaigning Wednesday night, and couldn't be reached immediately for comment on Cuomo's decision.
The sale is part of Wimpey's plan to shed noncore assets to reduce its own debt, which totaled #372 million at June 30.
The 45-year-old Deleware Democrat was "progressing satisfactorily" this morning and was "as comfortable as possible," hospital spokesman Pete Esker said.
Men who want to attend the church phone ahead for an interview with Mrs. Tracy, who decides whether to accept them.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Chrysler closed at $36.25, up $2.25.
That is higher than in onshore fields in many parts of the world, but low enough to ensure that the UK continues to attract the interest of international oil companies.
Lawyers familiar with EC law said GC&C would have to answer the EC complaint or risk facing stiff penalties.
With financial liquidity "arguably low" now, she said, she advises against too much exposure to OTC stocks.
A major element in their case is an affidavit submitted by P.T. Williams, a TWA pilot who in May 1977 was flying a Boeing 727 as part of a proficiency check.
He was the music director for a Soviet radio station in Moscow from 1931-37, and conducted soloist Sergei Prokofiev, the Russian composer, pianist and conductor.
The demise of the time-honored system of tryouts is symptomatic of deeper troubles, which include the overall decline in the number of new shows.
Shining Path rebels exploded a car bomb on Wednesday near the Government Palace, the second to hit downtown Lima in 24 hours.
Shortly after the publication of the column, which American Express officials acknowledge that they saw, American Express began an internal investigation and hired two prominent outside lawyers to handle the case.
No, it has not been a bad year.
But Kitaj parades his learning unabashed, his bookishness, his art-historical enthusiasms, his philosophical and political obscurities, his louche fantasies and personal adventures.
"Bush's calls for dialogue are still concealing war intentions and we must be aware not to fall into such traps," he said.
The judge ordered further investigation.
"Who are these people?" asks Rich Bond, a veteran of Iowa campaigns and the man in charge of the Bush operation here.
The demand was made Monday by 100 British lawmakers who signed a letter to Richard D. Wood, Lilly chairman and chief executive officer.
In another economic report today, a real estate trade group reported that sales of existing homes in June posted their first increase since last September.
The OECD has no big money to dispense.
OSHA said the cost figure included a conservative estimate of economic benefits that it said partly would offset direct costs.
Tass said Wednesday that 199 weapons were "confiscated or surrendered" in the previous 24 hours and that authorities had seized 5,103 since the unrest began.
The Humor Project has received a grant from the Humana Hospital Corp. in Orlando, Fla., to focus on the medical implications and applications of humor.
This promises to be much harder to achieve. If wage-fed inflation now looks like being a phenomenon of the past, Italy still has one of the highest inflation rates in the EC.
Through Wednesday, he had five in 311 at bats.
Elisa Florido, a nurse at Medical City Hospital, said no one was seriously hurt.
"Eighteen of the first 20 contracts on this project went to union contractors," Drysdale said Sunday. "But they wanted it all. We gave them a tremendous amount of work on this project.
Why was it that when you were here I could talk to you so freely?
Neurologically, Penaloza's development continues to be promising, although his right fist remains clenched and he has a slight limp.
The woman with whom she allegedly had sex _ Lance Cpl.
Most of the new jobs will be high-paying professional research and development positions, the company said in a statement.
Utah limits employer exposure to suits.
There will be further steps taken to ensure that they are fully effective, and then we'll wait and see where we go from there.
The four executives were sentenced to prison terms by a Tehran court Tuesday for broadcasting the phone-in program.
Mr Hopkins has designed two office buildings to replace the present huddle of low and indifferent buildings on Victoria Street.
Rebel demands have moderated significantly in recent years.
"If the null corrector is correct, the mirror would be correct," said Daniel Schroeder, a NASA telescope scientist who helped oversee the Hubble project and is chairman of the physics and astronomy department at Beloit College in Wisconsin.
Look, instead, at monthly and quarterly changes.
Machinists spokesman Jim Conley said the union was not looking for credit for quashing the original proposal, but was happy to accept it.
In the spring of 1990, Coopers made Watson a partner. Stewart Senior, another Coopers consultant, was brought in to run the technical side of the project at the start of this year.
The House version of the bill would have phased out the deduction.
Tea Banh said about 10,000 Cambodian soldiers have been killed or wounded in combat and another 10,000 died or were hurt by sickness or landmines.
But they insisted that the tax only apply to raiders who are allowed to sell the stock at terms more favorable than those available to other shareholders.
When outlawed in 1835, this pastime gave way to dog fighting, in which the pit bull proved to be a ferocious competitor.
But the standing-room-only crowd was still after the final bid; there was no applause as is customary when a high price is paid for an artwork in which interest has been expressed prior to the sale.
The international group can admit both Soviet associations.
The systematic Iraqi destruction of Kuwait's oil industry gives an indication of the devastation wrought on the nation's economy and infrastructure by Iraqi forces.
"Go to any town meeting.
"Since 1981, this administration has failed to support one nickel going to state and local law enforcement," said Rep. Charles Rangel, D-N.Y., chairman of the House narcotics committee.
Judge Bork's refusal to die a death of a thousand libels means they will have to explain on the Senate floor the stark contrast between their claims and his testimony.
Several new likenesses are three stories high, including one enormous statue of Saddam Hussein standing stiffly at attention, his arm outstretched at a 45 degree angle.
Menachem Einan, who is leaving his job as the army's logistics chief, was quoted in the daily Maariv as saying he was "very worried about the level of morality of Israel's soldiers in the territories.
While such decisions could be personal, they are watched closely by advisory services as potential evidence the future might contain some bad news.
I have eaten more of these dumplings - really a well-balanced light meal - than I care to count, and enjoyed them all.
The remainder would subsequently be swapped for the preferred in a second-step transaction after the group has control of the company.
As part of its agreement with the developers of the tests, PATH allowed them to withhold publication of data on their tests.
For more than a year, economists have been expecting consumers to start worrying about economic head winds, slow their spending and begin paying off some of their debts.
The U.S. hasn't experienced anything like Germany's 1920s, but 1973-82 was bad enough.
Of those who order fewer drinks in restaurants, 38% said drinking just isn't enjoyable anymore.
But Xerox shares, which have gained steadily from a low of $29 in October, defied such statements and closed at $48.75, up $5.375.
William N. Bret and Theodore H. Strauss were named directors of this defense contractor, expanding the board to six members.
There is little sentiment in Congress for rearming the anti-government guerillas, and winning the congressional committee approval needed to continue non-lethal aid through February will be difficult enough, another official said.
Americans may publish any information they receive from VOA. Only USIA employees are barred from disseminating the information.
He has lived in St Lucia since 1979. Between courses, I tell him about my theory that travel writing should be judged not on what it includes but on what it leaves out. 'Such as?' 'Well, wodges of historical stuff chucked in as padding.' 'I see.
In the winter it was dark in the evenings when I came out of school and there was only one indoor court - at the Edgbaston Priory club - which was always booked.
He expects police departments in Britain, West Germany and Japan, as well as the U.S., to become major customers for the product.
Under the agreement, officials said, the Japanese companies will export about the same volume of steel products they shipped in the second half of last year, or 530,000 metric tons.
But Castro in the past has been openly critical of "perestroika," Gorbachev's ambitious modernization program, for borrowing free-market concepts from capitalism.
The Herald reported that Mrs. Dukakis twice passed out from drinking on the stressful campaign trail.
Sinhalese nationalists say it makes too many concessions.
In Washington, President Bush warned the Iraqis that "a line has been drawn in the sand" in Saudi Arabia, where the first aircraft and ground forces of a U.S. expeditionary force took up positions Wednesday.
General Motors raised the dividend 30% on Class E shares and 20% on the Class H, citing improved earnings at its EDS and GM Hughes units.
And where was this electricity coming from?
Vietnam invaded in December 1978, ousting the Khmer Rouge.
When the girls returned to the classroom, teacher Rosa Cook saw them still snickering.
The government had claimed part of the port had reopened.
Not even a whisper," he said. "In everybody's hand was a candle.
Prudential made a similar cut of around $35 million in its dividend in 1989, he said.
Four men, in revealingly tattered garb, entwined themselves.
"The new structure will make us more competitive with other groups," said Craig Foley, head of the venture capital group.
That buying soaked up a lot of selling pressure, traders said, and helped the stock and futures markets rebound.
"The federal funds and short-term Treasury bill rates should be cut another full percentage point immediately," Roger Brinner of DRI/McGraw-Hill, an economic consulting firm, told the congressional Joint Economic Committee Friday.
If oil prices surge, he said, "Then you don't want to own bonds."
One of Snyder's triumphs was the enactment of a 1984 law _ by the citizens, in an initiative, over the objections of officialdom _ compelling the city to guarantee them an indoor place to spend the night.
Baker already had plans to go to the French capital for sessions on Germany and a talk with Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze.
More than 400 inmates have paid $55 for 12-inch, black-and-white sets with headphones from the prison commissary.
Bush was flying to Kennebunkport, Maine, later today for a three-day holiday weekend at his oceanfront home.
A 36 percent gain in net income and a 33 percent increase in revenue for the first fiscal quarter were reported Tuesday by Microsoft Corp., a leading computer software manufacturer.
Earlier this year, the Avon board rejected a $39-a-share takeover offer from rival direct selling company Amway Corp. and indicated at the time that it would resist future acquisition attempts.
Then Seagram's, the giant Canadian distiller, got into the act, introducing Mount Royal Light, a Canadian whiskey that is 54 proof and has fewer calories.
'In America no one really gives a jot.
Microsoft Corp. said a federal judge in San Francisco issued a preliminary injunction barring two Taiwanese concerns and a California company from copying, importing or distributing allegedly illegal copies of Microsoft's MS/DOS operating system.
"The preparation of teachers needs drastic reform," the report said.
The winner, Bruce King, is a former governor.
In Detroit, Gore took the opportunity of a question on his defense ideas to restate his claim to be the moderate among the Democrats.
But these were one-off events.
In an interview Tuesday in the N'Djamena, Information Minister Adoum Moussa Seif said Gaba was killed by an army patrol in central Guera province in 1987.
She said the book of her early life was written for several reasons, including honoring the courage of her parents and recording a vanished way of life.
We have made a good offer.
In a speech to the central committee of his Herut Party, Shamir also suggested that gradual and limited Palestinian self-rule was as far as he was willing to go.
Strong demand from abroad helped Casket, Britain's second-largest bicycle manufacturer, boost annual pre-tax profits by 27 per cent to Pounds 3.6m. The company, which claims 25 per cent of the UK market, increased exports by 26 per cent.
The secret is to build up simple, toning layers in warm shades which might have come from a spice rack - curry, saffron, mustard, cinnamon and sage.
Trading volume quadrupled amid the biggest bull market here in recent memory, but the competitive free-for-all slashed commission rates, raised overhead and decimated profits.
After moving to Paris as a teen-ager, he received a university degree, a law degree and a doctorate in economics. He later added a master's in business administration from Harvard University.
Media magnate Rupert Murdoch plans to buy Triangle Publications Inc. for $3 billion, adding TV Guide, the Daily Racing Form and Seventeen magazine to his communications empire.
Another market maker withdrew.
When the pace should be firm, he slows up.
This involves roundabout and bridge construction plus dualling of a section of this route, which will require over 70,000 tonnes of coated materials.
Two attackers thought to be leftist guerrillas fired rocket-propelled grenades at the U.S. Embassy Wednesday night and an embassy spokesman said the roof was slightly damaged, but no one was hurt.
It also cited the death in a car accident of trade expert Horst Busse in March 1972.
Brown Shipley chose a different course; it formed a holding company in 1960 to buy other lending operations, including leasing and consumer credit. The bank's culture was by this time more staid than evenAlexander Brown might have wished.
Hanson Trust rose 5/8 to 14 1/4 on trading of more than 3.4 million American depositary receipts.
I cannot agree with that view.
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. and the United Rubber Workers Union tentatively agreed to a new three-year accord that provides for cost-of-living adjustments in each year of the pact, but no wage boost.
"The irony is that he (Reagan) chose to deliver that speech in the one state that has a comprehensive plant closing law," Dukakis said.
Increasingly Mr. Gorbachev's Kremlin, which is influenced more and more by oldline military officers and party hardliners, has seemed to want to preserve its old ally, Saddam Hussein, to ensure Soviet influence in the Middle East.
Probable cause statements filed with the charges said Jackson told police he killed the women.
Period." The five senators intervened with federal banking regulators on behalf of Keating, former head of the failed Lincoln Savings and Loan.
The Socialist government faces defeat in next spring's elections.
It was a haunting sight.
After yet another spat at a meeting on May 29, the president reproved Mr. Ongpin, but not Mrs. Monsod.
The dam was completed with Congress first amending the Endangered Species Act in 1978 to allow an exemption from the law, then exempting the dam from any law that would hinder its construction, he said.
However, the company said it can meet operating costs.
The contract had gained 9 cents on Tuesday.
Better athlete conditioning and equipment have helped rewrite the records in just about every other sport, but golf's scores haven't changed much from bygone eras.
Wheat futures prices rose while corn and soybean futures finished narrowly mixed in quiet trading on the Chicago Board of Trade.
The ruling cuts by four months the minimum that the commission previously decided Mr. Milken must serve.
"He was the most important influence in that transition period," says Nicholas Mitropoulos, a longtime Dukakis aide.
"Super Tuesday was the hard night because that was when you really knew you were on the ropes," Gephardt said.
The biggest element was replacing the thatched roof.
He said an undetermined number of Spanish policemen would be sent to Havana to protect the embassy.
The bacteria in turn produces a spider silk protein.
Among the stock groups with gains were health products and oil companies.
He said Rheineisen was able "at the last moment" Wednesday to keep the first delivery of the chemicals from being loaded aboard a ship in India.
The invitations have gone out, and hundreds of monkeys are eagerly awaiting their second annual sit-down brunch courtesy of a hotel owner.
Mrs Ford has not lost her sense of humour.
Jim Whittaker, who in 1963 became the first American to reach the summit of Everest, the world's tallest mountain at more than 29,000 feet, was skeptical of the study but said it may have merit.
Zanotti, 41, fills a vacancy created by the retirement of Pat Murphy on Aug. 8. Unlike Murphy, he will be in charge of the newspapers' business as well as their editorial side, a spokesman for the papers said.
That was a small personal film, just Dollars 2m, which Marty Scorsese and Robert De Niro and I all felt passionate about and made sacrifices to make.
Koch said three of the lesions were caused by exposure to the sun and the other two were from an inherited condition.
"The market reacts to bad news but yawns at the pluses.
But one of the main differences will be between those who favor getting tough with the United States, Israel's main backer, and those who seek a more moderate line.
Bush said Saturday he would veto the bill today, declaring it would force businesses to adopt hiring and promotion quotas to ward off lawsuits.
More than 7,000 people have died in an 8-year-old separatist movement in the region.
The loss of local control over economic decisions explains some of the overbuilding.
On the sensitive issue of military involvement, the communique said "the control of illegal trafficking is essentially a law enforcement matter" rather than a military one.
'I think the final straw has been Europe.
Arar told 3,000 demonstrators gathered to protest the Monday killings of 19 Palestinians in Israeli-occupied east Jerusalem that Prime Minister Mudar Badran has accepted a request from Parliament to arm a citizen's militia.
You have to open it.
Coulson was aware these reports often lead to accountants recommending receivership. 'We went in thinking they (the Royal Bank) would be happy to support this restructuring,' says Coulson.
"Market players bought a broad range of issues, including electric issues," he said.
If successful, it could prove applicable not only to Wales, but around the world. The idea is to use trees to generate self-sustaining soil in what is now mostly impermeable clay.
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place," notes a Vista spokeswoman.
To keep down fat consumption, buy low- or no-fat yogurt.
It would prefer to cherry pick individual properties, while keeping a stern eye on its own gearing, now at 43 per cent. 'We are not going to buy because brokers say we should,' says Mr Hunt.
But because of the Gulf War, they are taking a look with fresh eyes."
The only question is at what level he retains it.
More than 200,000 East Germans have left East Germany since September.
Bentsen began Thursday in Tyler in East Texas, explaining to his long-time Senate supporters why he was seeking both re-election to that seat and the vice presidency.
Garcia and Miss Williams were arrested that night near his East Village home.
Over the longer term, Taiwan could become a formidable rival, but that challenge is probably years away.
"We winter in the South every year and we just had to see the shuttle land," said 74-year-old Bill Henderson of Sunnyside, Wash., who arrived with his wife, Evelyn.
But even increased host-nation support and aid to the Middle East would not appeal to some Japanese.
The action was designed to mirror Aug. 23 demonstrations in the three Baltic republics in which more than 1 million Estonians, Lithuanians and Latvians joined hands to protest the annexation of their lands.
Frank Sain, executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority, said the move came as a surprise but he didn't think it would hurt the city. "It gave us the dateline, but it didn't pull any people into Las Vegas," he said.
Business failures in the south-east, excluding London, were 87.5 per cent higher in the first quarter of 1992 than during the same period last year.
The 1980s saw rapid growth in employment reflecting both the coming of age of baby-boomers and the entry of women into the labour force.
The $7 billion of five-year, two-month notes to be sold tomorrow were bid at 8.71%, down one basis point.
In one case we had a mother and son effectively blaming each other's generation for what was going wrong.
Goldman Sachs analyst Rajiv Chaudhri reportedly cut his rating on Intel to "sell" from "hold" based on the Advanced Micro disclosure, Dow Jones Professional Investor Report said.
LET THEM EAT less cake: '90s weddings look smaller but no less sweet.
When asked if LIN wants participation on McCaw's board, he said, "Everything is under discussion." Trading in both companies' stocks was heavy on Thursday.
Preservationists see nothing wrong with leaving the house where it is.
California's program permits nonprofit groups and individuals to be reimbursed for lawyer's fees and other costs of appearing before the Public Utilities Commission.
Frank Salter, one of the prosecutors at Rideau's trial, noted that, because of appeals Rideau won, he was tried three times and sentenced to death each time.
At the short end, the two-year note was up 1/16 at 99 27/32 , to yield 6.192 per cent. For the second day, there was no fresh economic guidance to push prices out of their tight range.
But it could prove a painful error for investors to suppose that any such thing exists today.
Ironically, the oil rig perhaps most responsible for marshaling sentiment against the offshore-oil industry is now one of the best examples of a rig-turned-reef.
He was accosted by two people wearing Halloween masks who stunned him with an electrical device and robbed the cash, coins and his jewelry.
It's news that we welcome."
Suddenly a civilian car with (West Bank) licence plates arrived,' Mr David Elimelech told the newspaper Ha'aretz.
Fishermen alerted the coast guard, who called in scientists from the Oman Marine Science Center.
"It was designed to show that if you do wrong, you're going to pay for it," said Benjamin Hooks, the national executive director of the NAACP.
This joint had no role in the Challenger disaster, but engineers realized it might be even more flawed than the field joint.
Agriculture Committee Chairman Kika de la Garza, D-Texas, said all the members of the Agriculture Committee thought the cut was too great since farm spending is less than one percent of the overall budget.
The news agency initially reported two prisoners were killed by gunfire from security forces, but later said troops opened fire on two escaping prisoners, killing one and wounding another.
Moslem clerics today urged Palestinians to defy an Israeli order barring some worshipers from Jerusalem's Al Aqsa mosque, one of Islam's holiest sites.
Japan has to show some give in order to ease congressional ire.
Analauskas said some protesters threw stones at police Wednesday night.
Chung was to visit Pyongyang in April for talks on joint ventures with the north, which include a resort development in North Korea's Diamond Mountains on the east coast.
The state is raising birds at a cost of $1,600 each from eggs collected from the western United States, Canada and Alaska and plans to release them as they turn 3 years old.
Sam Mitchell, of the Chicago Association of Commerce and Industry, said it might take months to determine the financial losses caused by the phone outage.
Carbonized rayon has represented a small portion of Avtex's business, but Mr. Gregg said the company would emphasize such specialty products to "limit its vulnerability to unfair competition from foreign-owned competitors."
A woman standing next to Sheftel suffered minor injuries during the acid attack.
The request, made in a counterclaim filed in Delaware Chancery Court, came in response to a suit filed by the Edelman group seeking to invalidate the poison pill.
Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis was a distant third with 96,881, 16 percent, and received 10 delegates.
Hollywood favorite Gianni Versace stole the show when he sent top model Jennifer Flavin in an ultra-tight sequined jump suit slowly down the steps and into the arms of current boyfriend Sylvester Stallone.
Automobiles have been made in Eisenach since 1899 when a two-cylinder Wartburg was produced.
The 3rd Circuit court agreed, ruling that the Pennsylvania secretary of edcuation played an improper role in reviewing Muth's case.
A Chrysler spokeswoman said the price increases partly reflect the fact that the latest models have standard equipment that was optional last year, but she declined to give details of the items that have been added to the newer models.
He said it could be weeks before his office issues a cause of death.
The two views were presented at a forum for reporters sponsored by Americans for Energy Independence, a group of energy companies and supporters.
'In fact, it would be against competition.
The government says the runway can handle up to 30 planes an hour.
The temporary halt in intervention came after some Fed officials said they were concerned that high amounts of purchases like those in 1989 could cause doubts about the Fed's commitment to curbing inflation, according to the report.
This time, those hopes may have some foundation.
It also plans to change the end of its fiscal year to the Saturday nearest Sept. 15, from March 31 now.
As for the diesel fumes wafting through those hills, the biologist says Cat's demo activity isn't "ongoing or intensive."
The 1 million-square-foot, 1,500-worker Avon Lake plant builds and paints bodies for Econoline vans and Club Wagons.
The only question is how much, and that will be for negotiation, in relation to how much the four rich applicants put into the EU budget. As things stand, taxpayers and consumers in the applicant countries foot the entire bill for their expensive food.
"I don't know whether it's going to be next week or next month or sometime later, but the market is assuming that we're going to see a stunning upsurge in consumer spending," he said.
Allison and Mauldin were not with Holly when the plane crashed because Holly had moved from Texas to New York City and was using new members of his band.
The stakes are often highest in small companies, especially start-ups or family businesses where there isn't a clear successor or a strong enough management team.
Many economists fear higher energy costs could shock an already soft economy into recession.
"For them, he is a market sage and 'tribal elder' of considerable powers," according to "Global Investing," a recent book by Norman Berryessa and Eric Kirzner on Mr. Templeton's investment methods.
As she grew up, there was jealousy between the boys; then Robert died of pneumonia and Fay became pregnant by Stephen, indeed married him, to his mother's embarrassment as she told the registrar that they were legally brother and sister.
He wore a fat suit, a fake moustache and had to cut off most of his hair.
Motor Trend doesn't allow its staff members to work for auto companies, Mr. Emanuelson added, but does employ some freelance writers who do.
"It's going to be a shot in the arm for us," said Glens Falls Mayor Frank O'Keefe. "They've rented the civic center for an extended period of time.
The charges were brought by the Watergate Special Prosecutor's office, which charged that Dr. Hammer had tried to cover up the contributions by channeling it through other persons.
In a Seattle, Wash., study, the researchers found that 30% of the heart attack victims treated by firemen with new automatic defibrillators before the paramedics arrived survived what would have been a fatal heart irregularity.
The loans, plus interest, would be repaid by premiums banks pay on domestic deposits on a schedule worked out by the FDIC and the Treasury in consultation with Congress.
One poll, conducted by ABC News on Sunday, ran counter to the trend of a tightening race, finding a 15-point Dukakis lead.
Parker didn't report those funds as income, although he admits embezzling them.
Such a hearing requires approval from three of six independently elected Cabinet members.
For them, this fund has been "a total flop," says Anthony Marchese, managing director of Weatherly Capital Corp., a New York trading and money management firm.
Yvonne Kenny was the prophetess Deborah and Michael George the bass Abinoam, both singing well but in need of more personality.
It will use power conversion equipment developed at its Stafford plant. Mr Major has been disappointed by the slow progress on a deal British Aerospace hopes to agree with the Indian Air Force for the supply of Hawk trainer aircraft.
Tina Mullins, a sales representative, said flood insurance rates vary but generally are inexpensive.
"Suddenly, there seems to be a bit more confidence seeping into the market and with another Republican in the White House, buying is back in style," one market maker said.
Some government officials had estimated that as many as 40% of the eligible employees would choose the new plan over the old Civil Service Retirement Plan.
"We want lawmen to be more sensitive to their needs," says Archbishop Patrick Flores.
Employees are not that dumb.
It also was shown in the United States.
Less optimistic analysts still expect activity to increase close to 50% by the end of this year.
Delta's price-to-cash-flow and price-to-sales are "not far from their lows of 1985-86 and well below where they were in 1980," he adds.
Among the toxic compounds found in the soil and water were chloroform, pesticides and polychlorinated biphenyls, commonly known as PCBs.
The agent is Savills (031-226 6961) and the vendor is the Lochnaw Castle and Estate Trust, set up by an Australian branch of the family to restore the castle.
WHO'S NEWS: Omnicom Group, the New York agency holding company, promoted two executives at its Diversified Agency Services group, which comprises 14 of Omnicom's specialty agencies.
The Machinists say they will continue picketing, urging a boycott of Eastern and challenging Shugrue.
Chairman Paul Thompson has sold 3m shares, worth more than Pounds 2.5m - the largest transaction of the week.
To this we'd add that bank nationalization certainly didn't do much for the financial health of Mexico, which is just now pulling itself back together after the disastrous expropriations of 1982.
A community activist complained of a lack of funds for fighting drug pushers.
Nevertheless, North Dakota is among the top 10 states in the percentage of students taking advanced algebra, upper-level math courses, chemistry and upper-level science courses.
Franklin Quintero directed the local campaign against cocaine trafficking and led several major raids that resulted in the seizure of tons of the drug and the arrest of several dealers.
The increase reflects growing use of application specific integrated circuits, called ASICs, that let engineers customize chips without designing from the ground up.
The review will analyze how current trends and uncertainties affect the appropriateness and effectiveness of our national defense strategy for the 1990s.
Simply put, the factory's machines and computers speak the same language as the computers in sales and shipping.
The paper said it obtained copies of $20,000 in money orders payable to Bradley's re-lection campaign by one of two firms used for at least 11 carnivals.
If Kevin Maxwell really wanted a cheap bolt-hole, surely he could have done better than hide in what old City hands know as 'The Wardrobe'.
Ruth Scheih, a 28-year-old resident of Yakir, said she and her husband discovered Edri lying on the ground waving his arms.
Gore, one of four recent opponents to endorse Dukakis, said the Massachusetts governor "is going to carry our party to victory in November.
Rated Baa-3 by Moody's and triple-B-minus by S&P, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.
Competition in the domestic truck market is expected to remain intense as demand is not likely to rise significantly in the near future. All three companies have come under severe pressure in Japan's slumping automobile market.
Ultramar reported a loss, after tax and minority interests, of #21.6 million on revenue of #886.4 million during the same six months.
An inflation scare shot through the bond market, sending interest rates sharply higher.
"The rule of the technology game these days is: no glitches."
"We've thought the ratio of total cholesterol to HDL is what matters most," says Charles Hennekens of Harvard University and Boston's Brigham and Women's Hospital.
But Mr. Metzenbaum can with a straight face ask the Ethics Committee to investigate leaks.
In a July release, Martin Marietta officials said they knew of Chappell's involvment when the company purchased the club.
Punish Roh Tae-woo!" enraged protesters yelled.
The texts, said to be 'performed in ancient Greek', are a mish-mash.
Among the most actively traded issues on the NYSE, there were losses across the board.
But I wouldn't put too much trust in that one.
Nevada National, based in Reno, Nev., is a one-bank holding company with 26 branches throughout Nevada.
Fewer than a quarter of those questioned - regardless of nationality - look back with nostalgia to manual typewriters and the delights of changing ribbons. The survey, by the US computer company Dell, identified a family of techno-types.
Bush also said he was concerned that departing Soviet forces may have stockpiled weapons for the government in Kabul.
Now that Gothenburg has the chance to compete and co-produce at international level, it cannot pay for theatre of international quality.
"We'll be open to anyone offering a good service at a good price." Whatever heat TV Guide feels from competitors, it is still the leading TV magazine and one of the most widely read magazines anywhere.
The Windsor, Conn., provider of direct-mail advertising services reported late Tuesday that net income for the third quarter ended June 30 rose slightly to 34 cents a share from 32 cents a year earlier.
But now the FCC believes it can manage the regional companies, and it has passed rules designed to ensure that the regional companies don't discriminate against competitors.
"That makes 12 million barrels a month, plus lesser amounts from Venezuela and Iran atop previous unsold stocks," OPEC Listener reports.
Officials launched an attack on the garrison after they learned that Batalla and the second hostage, Col. Romeo Abendan, had been slain by the captors.
Its members captured almost two dozen of the 80 seats in parliament _ far ahead of any rival faction but not enough to dominate legislation.
Here is what we saw and heard: _ 8:45, East New York: At the Grecian III diner, which the gunman referred to in his first letter to police, employees say they recognize the Zodiac sketch as that of a former customer.
It is hard for many of us to forget the employment problems of 1974-75 and the aftermath of inflation and disruption all along the line.
Use of aspirin to treat fever in children has declined, because of concerns about Reye's syndrome, which has been associated with influenza or chicken pox in children who have received aspirin.
Mr. Tsongas has already drawn some flak from environmentalists for serving on the board of Boston Edison, a New England utility.
The increased reserve is to cover delinquent real estate loans and other nonperforming assets, the bank holding company said.
What is cheap about creating a national dependence on long-distance transport?
Each orbiter will deploy an entry capsule, which will parachute toward the red planet, the fourth from the sun.
He monitors his CB from the front seat of his pickup, looking for souls to save on a chilly Saturday night.
Most of the dollar's climb yesterday occurred in early European trading, where the currency also was buoyed by rumors, which proved untrue, that U.S. forces had begun an invasion of Lebanon.
Many Domino's outlets around the nation do not offer any eat-in service.
During much of that time he devoted himself to the cause of his longtime friend, the Dalai Lama.
But this did not mollify her United National Opposition.
The move expands the asset-management operations at Credit Suisse, a banking unit of CS Holding, Zurich.
A jury trial is set for April in federal court in Phoenix, Ariz.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch said the Rales brothers sold their stock for a gross profit of $59.7 million, and analysts estimate the takeover bid cost about $10 million, figures Call doesn't dispute.
The case arose from a lawsuit filed by Chemical Waste Management Inc., which runs the nation's largest and Alabama's only commercial hazardous-waste management facility, located in Emelle.
The municipal market "is still in reasonably good shape, but it's getting hit a little because of worries about the large supply," said Jeffrey Noss, manager of municipal research for Roosevelt & Cross Inc. of New York.
The figures don't reflect the run-up in rates that began in January, economists said.
The American administration is insisting on quota selectivity between four groups of coffees: Colombian milds, other milds, Brazilian and other arabicas and robusta's.
The deal is likely to enhance next year's earnings. Still, yesterday's 5 per cent share price increase looks overdone.
"I can't imagine a German bank being allowed by its accountants, after all this time, to carry these loans at 100%."
As a Coast Guard helicopter zoomed in on the drop area, U.S. Customs aircraft followed the plane as it flew back toward the Gulf.
Slovenia, which neighbors Austria and Italy, is home to 2 million of Yugoslavia's 23 million people, but accounts for about 17 percent of the country's economic output and 30 percent of its exports.
Classes ended last week for the school year and don't resume until August.
Fireman's Fund Corp. said it has been subpoenaed by the Securities and Exchange Commission in the government's investigation of alleged manipulation of Fireman's Fund stock last year.
But 16,000 miles later and one week later, Emil was a believer. "You can sell apartments in the United States by television in Japan," he exclaimed.
The Contra proposal would allow the combatants to receive arms and amunition while in the zones and bar the government from accepting military aid, which comes from the Soviet bloc.
Shares of Flight International Group, which has said it might report a loss for its fiscal first quarter, lost 1 3/4 to 5.
The intervention is partly credited for the dollar's stability this month; but so is the coaxing by the Tokyo government.
He says he's only experienced small and understandable price increases from the big U.S. manufacturers.
"I've never taken advantage of the shareholders.
The company has touted its car venture in much the same way, though the project now has been scaled back as part of, among other things, a broader cost-cutting effort at GM.
Many U.S. utilities don't have the ability to switch between fuels.
According to the Environmental Protection Agency, 72 cities are not meeting clean-air requirements and are benefiting from the congressional reprieve.
Asbestos is a cancer-causing substance once widely use for insulation.
Israeli radio said the security guard questioned the man after recognizing him as a suspect wanted by security forces for anti-Israeli activity.
C.J. Lawrence economist Edward Hyman is resigning to head a new investment firm.
That is about 1.5 million barrels a day above OPEC's June level, and as much as two million barrels a day above the generally estimated need for OPEC oil for the third quarter.
He said he's still not sure why.
Miss USA will be crowned Tuesday in the nationally televised contest.
Veronese extends that landscape indoors, confecting romantic vistas beyond trompe l'oeil marble balustrades and rustic scenes reflecting the four seasons. Allegorical figures celebrate the pleasures of music.
Schoolteacher Jean Hill, who saw Kennedy killed that day, brought her 50 third-graders to the scene.
He holds options on 908,000 at an exercise price of 260p.
Other experiments aboard LDEF were designed to gather interstellar gas atoms and micrometeoroid material.
A small group of students invited the public to devote this gathering to what could fittingly be described as meditation in which everyone would search his own conscience.
Further abroad this is less clear, though the failure of efforts to broker a deal over the Kuriles shows that the nationalist current has set limits on what can be 'given away'.
In beginning his famous "My Way," Anka took out a sheet of paper on which he had penned new lines to the song.
The measure would give judges more discretion in determining which wards need full-time guardians.
And I would like to see this matter peacefully resolved.
They can no longer blithely plunder our psyches for their subject-matter'. In spite of her fame and success, Jong still presents herself as something of an outsider.
Many companies now use contract caterers as a form of insurance. While contract caterers originally helped boost wartime morale, many companies now employ caterers to enhance company image.
Bullock is currently a non-executive director of Kingfisher and is on the board of the UK Atomic Energy Authority.
At the White House, presidential spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said "we fully expect there to be an agreement" on a deficit-reduction package.
Beside her children, survivors include a brother, a sister and three grandchildren.
That could hamstring legislation needed to implement his ambitious anti-poverty program, which he considers vital for ending sectarian violence that has killed at least 10,000 people in the past six years.
NBC, shuffling its prime time schedule slightly, said the popular "ALF" series will move from Monday to Saturday at 8 p.m. EST as of March 3, and "My Two Dads" will fill its Monday slot starting March 5.
Family planning education programs have been stepped up.
Sixty percent of those responding to the survey said they had no experience with fraudulent tactics.
She has seven children.
Guarantees on Iraqi debt could cost the governments of the West, Japan and the Soviet Union tens of billions of dollars. Some international banks, meanwhile, could lose billions of dollars lent to Kuwait's banks.
Before leaving last Friday, Chairman Dan Rostenkowski (D., Ill.) of the House Ways and Means Committee unveiled a health-care overhaul blueprint for his panel.
No customers have yet agreed to buy the dam's electricity and opponents say the project can't make a profit.
In a statement, they said the nun is not responding to medication.
Supporters of Alderman Tim Evans, expected to be one of Sawyer's chief mayoral challengers in the next election, have been seeking a 1989 election.
The State Department and White House might conduct diplomacy in peace and raise and command armies in war, but policy was made by serious people, men with a longer view, i.e. the great men of finance and their advisers.
Despite the warnings of his lawyers, he seemed convinced that he wouldn't be charged with any crime.
He figures such a concert could raise $2 million for charities the church would designate.
Mr. Bangemann, more flexible but carrying less clout than Mr. Stoltenberg, also held out the option of advancing the date of the tax cuts if a sudden deterioration of the West German economy demanded it.
AT&T has also designed network processors that would enable phone companies and other service providers such as Huntington Bank and travel agencies to extend services accessible by SmartPhone to their customers.
Conservative Party headquarters mailed a fund-raising letter to supporters, warning that the New Democrats, if elected, would establish a "Soviet style" government.
The report's section on productivity used 1977 as a base year for comparison.
Though he is 41 years old, his film has the exuberant nihilism of a very young man.
Sales are expected to amount to 135 billion yen, helped by rising sales of Epogin, a drug to boost red blood cell production launched in April 1990, as well as the anti-anginal drug Sigmart.
Short of combat, troops in recent years were stationed at the Panama Canal and military advisers were sent to Honduras and El Salvador to train the military forces of friendly Central American governments.
But it will take some good news to prompt that. There has been a revival of hopes of lower base rates, partly as the word from Mount Fuji is that interest rates around the world need to fall further.
The second time, it suspected CISPES was engaging in terrorism and had "cells" of members planning to commit violence and sabotage.
Only 968 primary school teachers voted for a boycott, with 6,939 (88 per cent) against.
It wasn't a fortuitous time to introduce a can with such qualities.
"This year it's not that way anymore.
Khan Bad Shah Akhtar was the fifth Pakistani in two months to be beheaded for the same crime.
Despite such assurances, many Czechoslovaks suffer the psychic scars of the last 40 years and are finding it hard to shed their fears.
"We take great pains to tell and show our housekeeping staff what they should and should not take in there," said Shawn Haag, the hospital's vice president of operations.
About 100 bodies have been found.
Sales growth of 15% would put 1991 total sales at about $166 million.
Among several amendments the Senate rejected was one that would have waived parental consent if a girl was the victim of rape or incest.
However, operating profits fell 22 per cent to Pounds 7.78m (Pounds 9.97m).
"My gut feeling is that you could see 100,000 cars disappear from the production plans" between now and year end, says John Qualls, manager of marketing research for Monsanto Co., a chemical concern and major supplier to auto makers.
Rollerblade is taking measures to ensure the skates will not become just another fad.
Photographic evidence of Jimmy Swaggart's sins will be presented in court now that evangelist Marvin Gorman's $90 million lawsuit against Swaggart has been revived, Gorman's lawyer says.
Today's weed tree may be tomorrow's miracle, and what once was wasted may soon be developed as a valuable resource.
At 8th and M, in the city with the fifth-highest incidence of AIDS in the U.S., the disease is impossible to ignore.
There is growing evidence that the Soviets are placing high priority on gaining access to Western computers with sensitive military, nuclear and space research information stored inside them.
He also assisted Texaco Inc. in its defense against takeover strategist Carl Icahn and Gillette Co. in its battles against Revlon Inc. and Coniston Partners.
But investments tend to be different in Eastern Europe, the continent's Appalachia.
The goal actually is 40 million to 45 million acres. Comparatively, an average of 23 million acres were idled between 1979 and 1985.
The school sent two teachers to neighboring Henan province to buy 10,340 pounds of apples.
His work for the five firms was first revealed by New York Newsday.
A senior Bush administration official said Saturday night the United States is backing nothing less than full membership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization for a united Germany.
The lawyers first asked him to remove himself voluntarily, based on the allegation that his wife, Moselle Pollack, stands to earn about $30 million from a leveraged buy-out that Drexel is helping finance.
Hokey, maybe, but this town's fame grew from tropical visions and corny promotional schemes.
Kennedy, O'Connor and Scalia are appointees of former President Ronald Reagan and Rehnquist was promoted to chief justice by Reagan.
Maybe It has them in the sewers.
People should have a voice," insisted Miller.
The EPA hails the approach as a new way to manage pesticides that are found to threaten drinking-water supplies.
Friedrich first staged a Ring at Covent Garden in 1974-76. He started a Ring in Hamburg in 1979 but, because of other circumstances, it wasn't done.
After between two to three months of increasing power and a variety of tests, the $6.5 billion plant would be ready to go into commercial operation.
On Sept. 13, the company is scheduled to unveil a range of new business computers, including some based on an MCA-like bus.
Those factors include repair costs, health costs and population density.
Some analysts argue that a higher import bill could benefit Japan by trimming its persistent trade surpluses and cooling industrial expansion.
I hope the view is as wonderful as they say.
But the crisis has put Mrs. Thatcher's Conservative Party on the defense in the midst of its annual convention this week.
Against major European currencies, the dollar clung to a relatively modest gain but showed no sign of streaking skyward.
Former federal prosecutor William Weld, state House Minority Leader Steven Pierce, former Congressman Paul Cronin and former Metropolitan District Commissioner Guy Carbone are among those seeking the Republican nomination.
The protesters charge that the current church leadership is diluting the Polish traditions of the church, which is located in a predominantly Hispanic neighborhood.
Sometimes, in fact, Wall Street's most-quoted analyst doesn't even get top billing there.
The government declared its "firm decision to extradite" traffickers to the United States in the crackdown on the drug underworld that began after the leading presidential candidate was assassinated on orders of the cocaine barons.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl says he will fight the 1994 general election with the campaign slogan Standort Deutschland - safegarding Germany's standing as an industrial base.
Lawn's tenure at the DEA began in one of its most traumatic periods, when agent Enrique "Kiki" Camerena was kidnapped, tortured and murdered in Mexico.
There was speculation that the Bank of Japan might decide to raise its discount rate over the weekend in the aftermath of Thursday's round of rate rises around Europe, led by the West German Bundesbank.
American folk art has also been very strong.
For the week of June 25-29, program trading accounted for 13.7% of Big Board daily volume, the exchange said.
Viewers were given to believe that the debate's grand theme would be the views of men one heartbeat from the American presidency, yet foreign policy, defense and strategic issues never landed in Omaha.
"We have the historic opportunity to get rid of the hoops so many Americans have to jump through to get registered," declares the bill's sponsor, Rep. Al Swift, D-Wash.
"It's disappointing," said NRC spokesman Joe Fouchard. "We've attempted to craft a rule which provides for early decision making." Fouchard said the commission would have to examine the court ruling more closely before deciding on a next step.
But as they heard me speak, there was a frown of doubt. 'You are Jewish?' the driver asked. 'No, I'm British.' 'Oh,' he said.
As for his ability to help fund that future, she says, "We just don't know."
Obeid said he believed the college's 233 students just want to study.
"People won't forget this volatility for many years to come," says Robert Arnott, a market strategist at Salomon Brothers Inc.
Together, the two men show why Sunday's state assembly election is seen as a key test for the PRI, whose authority has seriously eroded.
Scientists also suspect that certain salmonella bacteria can be transmitted from an infected hen directly to the egg interior. While the extent of the problem is not known, the risk of illness remains small, according to the USDA.
That is the issue which has stymied United Nations-sponsored peace talks between the two warring sides.
Analysts said all the precious metals were oversold and due for a correction after at least four straight weeks of declines.
Separately, HBO chairman Walter S. Huff said that first-quarter earnings "significantly exceeded our business plan."
And in operation, those laws invidiously targeted blacks.
Her lawyer, Gerald A. Feffer, has done little to challenge the unpleasant portrait of his client, except to point out that the Helmsleys did pay $58 million in taxes from 1983 to 1985.
Avia agreed to be acquired by Reebok for $16.35 a share.
The packet of corn meal will bring miracles, Rev. Al promises.
The package will allow the unit to design and build a resource recovery plant in Haverhill, Mass., and to acquire a controlling interest in a similar facility located in nearby Lawrence, Mass.
Both Wall Street rating services lowered Kodak's senior debt rating in response to the Sterling deal and legal problems with Polaroid Corp. over an instant photography patent.
Perez de Cuellar named Alister McIntyre to head the U.N. effort to end the controversy that dates back to when Guyana was ruled by Britain and Venezuela by Spain.
But its remit has been drawn to encompass what has emerged as the central issue in the industry - ownership. Revelations of mismanagement or misuse of surpluses have outraged pension scheme members, sometimes with reason, sometimes not.
Low interest rates are the fastest affordable way, given actual or imagined constraints to fiscal action, to get there.
Angelo's attorney, Eric Naiburg, admitted that Angelo gave the injections but he asked the jury to consider a lesser charge than second-degree murder.
She noted that a U.N. resolution approved several weeks ago called on all member states to halt all overt or covert aid to insurrectional forces in Central America.
A short-order cook was charged with murder after police found boiled and peeled parts of his girlfriend's body in a bus terminal storage compartment.
Dry weather prevailed across the rest of the nation, with sunny skies over much of the West and the Southeast.
But they do not look like the most effective weapon against an adversary that was able to endure eight years of grinding war against Iran without too much difficulty.
The spot price of North Sea Brent Blend, the most widely traded international crude oil, stood at $16.27 a barrel Friday afternoon, up 2 cents from late Thursday.
"It's no time to open any champagne.
Diamond-Star officials have said the assembly-line workers will decide for themselves if they want to organize a union.
Az for the hifins, mebbe the French arnt doing themselves a favor.
The second part, which consisted of $100 million of 12-year notes, was priced to yield 9.041%.
These days you also see groups of young Soviet sailors trudging through town while their ships dock, their beribboned hats shadowing pale faces.
The equivalent of Dollars 4.3bn has been issued to date under the programme, which was established in March 1993.
The late mayor, who was first elected in 1983, was gradually but surely breaking down the old, white-ethnic machine that controlled Chicago city politics for the past 30 years.
In a bear market, however, stock prices fall so quickly they often tumble right through stop-loss orders, Mr. Biehl says.
But as losses in the stock market suddenly mushroomed, the benchmark long-term bond recovered somewhat and ended the day at 97 26/32 to yield 9.09%.
It is time for the West to supply Croatia with the mines, anti-tank weapons, and anti-aircraft missiles needed to compel the communists to compromise at the negotiating table.
One doctor said he was aware of a young man who was strangled by troops with chains.
The 11,744-ton Dhaulagiri was sailing northward into the strait when it was attacked Saturday morning.
Each evening, the six bulls that run the city streets will be killed during bullfights at the city bull ring.
At least that's how it might appear to Wang Jun, deputy director of the China Golf Association. He's visited Taipei to meet leading Taiwanese golfers and hold talks on the joint development of golf courses in China.
He said the cuts would go beyond the administration's proposals of February, many of which were rejected by Congress.
"There's an implication there that they might be aggressive in selling cocoa in the future," said Arthur Stevenson, an analyst in New York with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc.
We faced quite a few handicaps,' says Mr Ospel. SBC foreign operations were far smaller and less sophisticated than they wanted them to be.
They still have holes in their map, just like we do.
David Ciancaglini announced that Exxon would resume the cleanup.
This would increase group turnover to around DM28bn, comparable to that of Karstadt, Germany's biggest retailer.
The case marked one of the rare occasions such a suit had reached the courtroom.
That has been the Chinese way ever since the days of Matteo Ricci, the Jesuit who in the late-1500s brought to the Chinese clocks, which they accepted, and Christianity, which they rejected.
It said police also seized caches of weapons, grenades and more than 650 pounds of explosives.
The new restrictions that have gone into effect recently include requiring self-financed students to work five years before going overseas.
However, Mr Helmut Maucher, remains chairman and chief executive officer.
The festive catch-all on the South Bank, 'Meltdown', ends this weekend.
And now she's dead, and I'm ahead," Leinen recalled the defendant saying.
The gross national product _ the nation's total output of goods and services _ rose at a revised 1.9 percent annual rate during that period, the agency said.
I feel comfortable with it." He made his comments during a 20-minute visit to the cavernous hall.
State officials said patients of a Florida dentist who may have given AIDS to a woman during a tooth extraction could be tracked down and urged to take an AIDS test. But the patients couldn't be told why.
It said the northern towns of Halabja and Darbandikhan were badly hit.
Barry was indicted on eight drug-related charges on Feb. 15.
But the picture quality still is lower than what is provided by normal television broadcasts.
"He's really doing us a favor."
Canadian mills operated at 88% of capacity, down from 92%.
Felker also is interested in developing a harvester to harvest the wood to burn as fuel, as well as developing a marketing plan touting mesquite and beef.
But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties.
Neither the budget that passed last week in the House, nor the one approved by the Senate Budget Committee, satisfies that goal.
Uncertainty about the economy has raised fears that the military may again try to seize power, something it has done six times since 1930.
No class or group of workers is escaping the effects of structural change.
Police fired no shots, Tiampo said.
Dozens of government critics also were reported arrested, but most were thought to have been released.
Iraq refused and countered that Iran must relinquish its right to search ships in international waters for weapons bound for Iraq. Iran has not searched any ships since the cease-fire took effect.
VLI wouldn't identify the supplier.
Pentagon sources announced a practice assault on the Arabian coast.
For those who have to let lower-ranking colleagues go, there is pain and guilt.
The new bid will value Owners Abroad at about Pounds 270m, up from Pounds 225m. The new terms are likely to involve Airtours raising its three-for-eight share offer to 15 of its own shares for 24 Owners Abroad shares.
Vietnamese Foreign Minister Nguyen Co Thach, during a recent visit to Bangkok, said Vietnam had pulled its troops back to points at least 19 miles from the border.
Nonetheless, they are athletes in their own right, he says.
Make a check or money order out to the charity, not to an individual.
Separately, the New Hampshire Municipal Bond Bank sold about $52.3 million of revenue bonds.
The communists seized power in Afghanistan in a 1978 coup.
"For 28 years, we allowed ourselves to be oppressed," said Maria Mueller, 43, from a small town outside Leipzig.
There was no intention that companies would last for ever, finding a new role when their original purpose was fulfilled. Despite the uncertainty of the commercial world some businesses do survive, not just for decades but for centuries.
"We haven't seen the highs yet in this rally, but we're looking for a few more down days" before a further sustained rise in stock-index futures prices, Alan Bush, an analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. in Chicago, said.
He said he expects to "get my share of delegates" and to prove "that I can appeal to people all over the country." Polls indicate Dukakis trails far behind Simon and Jackson among Illinois Democrats.
A small ceramic cone inside, set to melt at a certain temperature, will tell her whether the kiln is hot enough.
However, near-average flows are expected for most rivers in Oregon, as well as for the Upper Columbia, the Upper Snake and along the mainstem of the Yellowstone River.
Scott McNealy, president of Sun Microsystems Inc., is needling rival International Business Machines Corp. over its huge job cuts and said his computer company can take some of the credit for Big Blue's woes.
"I'm not saying I would prefer to do what it is they're proposing, but my comfort level is slightly higher than it was," the governor said at a news conference Tuesday.
But they have seen their harvests decrease each year as soil fertility has declined.
Last year, Britain finally abandoned it and ordered a U.S. model.
His party fares well in areas like Dreux that have a high population of non-European immigrants.
He said, however, that there were no near collisions or other problems.
He pioneered the now standard "around-the-world" move, kicking the bag about chest-high with his instep, or the inside or outside of his ankle, then circling the flying bag with his foot a few times before catching it on his shoe.
He received gratuities from Beaverbrook which it is unlikely that a politician would survive today, but one does not doubt his independence.
That suggests that the average nuclear-industry worker runs a risk of fatal cancer about 15% higher than most other people.
"Right now, we have no job training or ESL (English as a Second Language) slots to put Armenian refugees in," said Joan Pinchuk, Los Angeles County's coordinator for refugee affairs.
In addition to the baseline inspections in July, both sides can begin destroying missiles under terms of the pact which provides for the elimination within three years of all missiles with a range of 300 to 3,400 miles.
Lamb's, which stood beside the produce stalls at a now-defunct farmers market, is gone.
General Computer said it seeks damages of $15 million and an injunction ordering PCS to stop the unfair practices alleged in the complaint.
"I think something other than magnetic properties is needed to explain" how identically charged particles, which normally repel each other, form couples, said Victor Emery, a physicist at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
He has not, and may not, declare his support for any party. The main reformist parties are all linked to, or enjoy the support of, groups of enterprises and banks.
Shares in Reuters Holdings, the news and financial information group, closed yesterday at 484p, their first day of trading after a 4-for-1 share split. The move ended Reuters run as the most expensive single share in the FT-SE 100 index.
Women with daughters, being more likely to be divorced or separated, had a reduced likelihood of having second children, they concluded.
Trump shelled out $2.2 million for his undeveloped West Side property, another $1 million for Trump Tower and $900,000 for the Trump Parc condominiums.
Previous crackdowns, although not as intense as the current offensive, have petered out in a few weeks.
Since last Thursday, when Iraq invaded Kuwait, the index has dropped 3,184.92 points, or 11.5 percent, topped by Tuesday's 946.46-point loss.
As the demand for low-skill labour shifts towards developing countries, so unskilled wages in these countries have been slowly catching up with those in developed countries.
Some Japanese investors own the stocks for 10 minutes or less, and just want to appear as holders of record on the right day to finesse certain Japanese accounting rules.
Enterprise argues that the profitability of future developments would be enhanced by cheap access to Lasmo's pipelines in Liverpool Bay and elsewhere.
Gesell said last month the administration had deleted too much material from classified documents the prosecution plans to use.
These measures include extension of voluntary import quotas after 1989 and action against non-participatory nations.
He is Republican Sen. David Karnes, and he wins less applause from the alfalfa and corn farmers than do the girls from the 4-H.
After the recent attacks on the police station in Kokand, the mob invaded a Meskhi neighborhood and set more than 80 houses and six cars on fire, Izvestia reported.
By most accounts, higher Medicare premiums and taxes on alcohol, cigarettes and gasoline are likely to be included.
This one makes it possible for us to explore opportunities.'
Ford Motor Co. gave Jervis B. his first big deal when it adopted the Keystone chain for all its conveyors.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir said Sunday that he hopes the "historic mission" of a six-member Israeli delegation to Moscow would lead to the resumption of Israeli-Soviet ties severed in 1967.
Trepanier, 25, faces a possible life sentence if convicted on the arson charges.
The Institute of the Scrap Recycling Industry, a Washington-based trade association, estimated that the amount of copper recovered from scrap will rise about 5 percent this year to 3.314 million tons from 3.152 million tons in 1987.
Comedian Jackie Mason is not the shy type, and he is not letting a bad experience with the New York City mayor's race sour him on politicians.
People's fronts and various ethnic groups across the Soviet Union, and especially in the northwestern Baltic republics, are demanding independence from Moscow.
On the department's Soviet grain estimate, most of the increase reflects recent U.S. and Argentine corn sales to the Soviet Union and rising Soviet feed-wheat purchases, mainly from Canada and the Common Market.
Many on Capitol Hill have also been pressing the Bush administration to pledge more time for economic sanctions to work.
The committee never confirms who the candidates are.
The pound was in trouble over most of the summer and many redundancies were announced. The notion that the recovery was going to happen this year evaporated. Mr Fell said the south-east, which accounts for a third of the economy, remained the key region.
So it is curious they should have produced such an attack of nerves in equity and gilt markets yesterday.
Apparel sales were down 0.5 percent after rising 0.8 percent the previous month.
Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company.
Bush, who had lengthy telephone conversations with both leaders this morning, also took credit for spurring the process that led to Monday's announcement from the Soviet Union.
There must be no question of Mr John Major employing a second veto.
The region may suffer shortages at sawmills, but not at the docks.
The oil and gas company said the properties consist of seven wells in Oklahoma and Arkansas with reserves of about 94,000 barrels of oil and 17.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
"The bill the Senate passed today is protectionism at its worst," Mr. Fitzwater said.
United spokesman Sean McNamara in Sydney said engineers replaced a safety pin in the cargo door as a precaution in line with a company order to check all of the airline's aircraft.
You're a warrior." Many players also are attracted to the HNA's brand of play: no fighting or serious checking; that is, no slamming opponents into the side of the rink.
And it establishes clear guidelines and limits, providing an exception for providers of personal services such as baby sitters or housekeepers to recognize the privacy of the family, the marriage contract and the home.
For the first time, the administration is considering proposing to Congress a delay of Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction targets because of the cost of the Persian Gulf operation, according to sources.
Fitzwater said Bush believes that quiet diplomacy is the appropriate course for raising human rights in China.
Poindexter has been a special adviser to the chief of naval operations.
Bankers Trust said Mr. Kreiger specialized in trading currency options.
That passage was "a gross oversimplification," Mr. Gutfreund said.
No group claimed responsibility for the killing, but police investigator Romeo de Guzman said it had "all the earmarks" of an assassination by Communist rebels.
Ulises Rosales de Toro, will make recommendations regarding Ochoa to the Communist Party and the government, Granma said.
Kevin Gentry, a 26, of Lovington, was charged Wednesday with making a false report to police.
At the other extreme were the Lamborghini Diablo, five versions of the Rolls-Royce, two BMWs and a pair of Ferraris.
Concerns about cheating among OPEC producers resurfaced quickly in the market when traders failed to follow through on Tuesday's rally, Baker explained.
He was so highly valued that at one stage he was being groomed to be its chief.
The CBOT has been making plans for an after-hours electronic trading system of its own, called Aurora.
The experiments, he said, show that witnesses are likely to err in identifying suspects of a different race who are seen for only a few moments under stressful conditions.
Elsewhere in Utah, the Uinta Canyon fire had burned 3,850 acres 20 miles north of Roosevelt in the Ashley National Forest.
Because reserves must be in cash or in accounts that don't pay interest, the change will add between $300 million and $600 million to bank industry profits.
In 1981, Walter Cronkite signed off for the last time as anchorman of The CBS Evening News.
The WPP and Ogilvy boards agreed on the buyout last month and WPP's $54-a-share tender offer expired at 10 a.m. Monday.
He plans to retire to Hawaii with his wife, Jenny.
Coltec said that it will have extraordinary charges totaling $110 million, net of income-tax benefits of $13 million, from the debenture redemption, purchase of other debentures at a premium and other steps.
Last week, the rig count had risen by eight to total 991.
Despite such growth, the new ferry operations haven't yet attracted a huge number of commuters.
The forecast also called for rain in Texas and the southern Rockies.
Analysts estimated RJR's original plan to provide 14 billion cigarettes to the Soviets would generate about $40 million in operating profit.
For most on Wall Street, inventories were up because demand was down.
"Saturday Night Live" will be pre-empted this Saturday and will use a rerun next week if the strike goes on.
Shell's platform was damaged by an explosion April 18, causing the shutdown of a transportation and production system for Brent crude, a key international grade of crude oil.
The former auto dealer, elected in 1986 on his fifth try for governor, convicted by the Senate on charges he misused funds and obstructed justice, becoming the first governor impeached and removed from office since 1929.
The two dancers told their host family they were going for a walk Friday morning, then were seen by a neighbor getting into a car driven by a man believed to be the husband of one of the women, said Folkfest President Brent Haymond.
Reformers, with nearly 500 committed delegates, represent the strongest faction at the congress with staunch conservatives numbering less than 100.
A few Aborigines were still doing such paintings on rock shelters as recently as the early 1970s, but the art form declined as Western civilization encroached.
It would be about her mother, Ireene, now deceased, who was a star of children's radio and TV shows in the 1930s, '40s and '50s known as "the singing lady."
Regular prices, which include a surcharge for the Capitol Preservation Fund, will range from $6 for an uncirculated half-dollar to $215 for a proof-quality gold coin.
A synagogue also remains and bakeries still sell round rings very much like bagels in addition to brick-like loaves of black bread, a local specialty.
Concern over the lead appears to have subsided in Skagway as it prepares for summer, which every year brings thousands of tourists on cruise ships and day excursions from Juneau, 92 miles to the south.
"Oil companies are getting very concerned about the large inventories they have built," Mr. Barakat said.
At the end of the fourth quarter, its assets under management were $20.2 billion, compared with $21.9 billion one year ago.
Officials said they eliminated official ties with the school's intramural sports program, pulled out of the Intraclub Council, and even went so far as to ask that college-owned sidewalk snowplows lift their blades as they pass the club's building.
Eventually, 310 of the FBI's approximately 400 Hispanic agents joined Perez in the suit.
In Silverdale, Wash., Wednesday night the Navy planned to hear public concerns about the Navy's intention to use dolphins to guard Trident submarines at Bangor, Wash.
It had been a shell ever since.
Several of the events described in "Cat's Eye" come from Atwood's own life.
Sixteen minutes and 40 seconds later, the International Telecommunications Organization satellite separated from the rocket, according to the official.
In Zurich, the metal dropped to a closing bid of $368.25 from $368.70 bid late Wednesday.
'The EU banned exports of live animals and fresh meat until August 22 when a committee will review the decision, taken last night.
The difference between them on Sunday, about four minutes, might have been attributable to the weather: Schueler likes it cool, Evoniuk warm.
The lesson here is that the free market has limits.
The second is that the returns are less volatile than securities trading activities. Mr Robert Binney, business executive for global securities services at Chase Manhattan, says that the lack of volatility is a significant attraction for banks.
Scores of buses brought blacks from communities across the country.
NORTH CAROLINA: Provides funding for poor women's abortions, although the fund has been cut back in recent years.
Fiat spokesman Gualberto Ranieri confirmed on Friday that discussions included potential production agreements, commercial and distribution arrangements and equity investments.
Stock traders said shares seemed to be tracking the action in the bond futures market throughout the day more closely than the Treasury bond market.
He said federal statutes have since been amended for cases such as those involving his children but that similar loopholes likely exist for other types of crimes.
But the walkouts failed to force private mine owners to accept the federation demand that labor contracts of mine unions be negotiated jointly rather than on the current company-by-company basis.
The Bible used for George Washington's swearing-in 200 years ago was put aboard a train Thursday for Washington, where George Bush will use it for his oath of office.
Barrie also would face six months in jail.
The desert town bloomed with cricket fields and English gardens.
A typical construction project overseas can take five years or more to complete.
A sharply stronger financial rand worked against shares, compounding the day's downward drift as the market struggled for fresh direction.
There were no quotes available from overseas.
The investigation revealed that List had for years been siphoning money from his mother's $200,000 savings account. "He took out the last $2,000 on the day of the killings," said Moran, who found the withdrawal slip while searching the house.
Rising operating rates, if unchecked, are considered by analysts to represent a threat of inflation.
The whole back of my building is gone," Kinderman said.
You get some other guy marching out here with a little placard demonstrating, giving something about the government employees.
The Transportation Department turned down the sale of some of the airlines routes.
Foreign and domestic institutional investors took the dollar's climb as a cue to buy West German stocks, brokers said.
As a result of a recent evaluation of all its operations, Florida Progress said it has decided to focus its efforts on its electric utility business.
All 44 members of the Senate belong to the PRI.
Mr. Gleacher said the alliance will give the firm "a major flow of business."
Ropak said it will pay $4.25 a share for Buckhorn's common and $5.875 a share for the Series A preferred.
INA, monitored in Nicosia, said the Soviet minister thanked Iraq for allowing Soviet experts to leave the country although the terms of their contracts had not expired.
No talks were scheduled until Monday in the Quincy, Ill., district, where 350 teachers walked out.
The flat had been bought earlier the same day for Pounds 120,000. In April 1992 Mortgage Express obtained an order for possession.
For example, it ranks sixth in the world in arms exports, which bring in about $1 billion a year.
And, critics say, President Bush's fiscal 1990 budget falls back on President Reagan's habit of manipulating those forecasts to minimize tough budget choices.
The clinic will pay $450,000 to the Frustacis immediately.
Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. both sought unsuccessfully to acquire two well-known brand name soda producers.
"There's the slow process, where they'll tear the cellophane and leave them out, and they'll dry out and shrivel up.
But he wasn't entirely startled by this win: He had bought 200 raffle tickets.
The cells also could be used to test the efficacy and safety of drugs for brain disorders, the scientists said.
The SEC investigation, under way since March, focused on Fleet's portfolio of marketable securities, which included issues of some 15 New England bank holding companies.
He also will continue as chief of federal police.
It's in our genes." The man said he was suspected of opposition activity and taken from his home after midnight by several agents to G-2 headquarters. He was stripped and his wrists handcuffed behind his back.
Gold also rose in London to a late bid price of $412.25 an ounce from $408.55 late Wednesday.
The vote was along party lines, although future debate would be more likely to find divisions between supporters and critics of the auto industry.
"I've been in business ever since," she says.
The recommendations outlined in the EPA report will be used by both the administration and Congress to assess what kinds of regulatory action or legislation might be needed on global warming.
Craig Bertolett, 28, of Jacksonville, took off from Cecil Field and was dropping dummy bombs at the Pine Castle electronic warfare bombing range in the forest when he ejected, Byers said.
Yesterday, the company's shares closed in national over-the-counter trading at $15.25, up $1.25, after trading was halted briefly pending the announcement.
"A lot of people in New York overreacted to the stock-market crash," said Stephen K. McNees, a Federal Reserve Bank of Boston economist who has written extensively on economic forecasting.
By doing so, the Fed could have signaled its displeasure at seeing the federal funds rate fall below its target of 9 1/4%.
Its shares have risen by 43 per cent so far this year, making it one of the best performers in the market. So much economic success, however, tends to breed complacency.
If they think it will rise, they have an incentive to buy securities denominated in that currency.
Last year, Rochester and the surrounding area exported a record $6.3 billion worth of products, which is more than the overall totals from 30 different states.
He succeeds John L. Murray, 61, who continues as chairman of this food products concern.
The allegations stem from a series of investigations covering 16 states.
Sunday's incident at Paitilla Airport was certain to further strain relations between the United States and the Panama government dominated by Gen.
In a letter to LIN, McCaw's president told LIN president, Donald Pels, that McCaw would be "re-entering" the market to purchase additional shares of LIN stock at prices he called a "bargain."
It's a spend-the-surplus scenario similar to that played out to unhappy results in the Northeast.
In addition, the agency proposed to let a company own AM and FM radio stations and UHF TV stations in the same market.
"I'm an immigrant in this country with no roots.
GM said all its U.S. car plants will be operating next week.
In an unusual gesture, the Cuban government has allowed a human rights activist and former political prisoner to make a monthlong visit to the United States.
Biden's version calls for spending $14.6 billion next year, including 400,000 new beds in treatment centers and immediate treatment for pregnant addicts as well as more FBI and drug enforcement agents and prison expansion.
"Where's Mario?" came the cry from Democrats nervously looking for a winner.
That said, there is plausible evidence of a modest pick-up in construction orders from the private industrial sector between July and November last year.
At the retirement home, Bush said, "I stood with our president through thick and thin and some suggested that hurt me in one state or another.
The average maturity of the portfolios held by money funds was 37 days, unchanged from the previous week, Donoghue's said.
And within four years, the party will have to face fully free elections.
Tomorrow you will meet with the president of the United States of America, Mr. George Bush.
Bulgaria has followed its East European neighbors in promising to remodel the Interior Ministry, which is responsible for the police agencies that have repressed the people with survellience and force.
While he won't be allowed to call himself Sir Charles _ an honor reserved for British subjects _ he is entitled to use the initials KBE after his name.
It is discipline in the equality of men _ for all men are equal before fish." From the flat high desert of western Wyoming a traveler looks far back over his shoulder to see distant white clouds high in the northeastern sky.
Armenia's parliament debated a declaration of independence, but decided to delay a vote until at least Wednesday.
Advancing that task beyond any particular time frame is the objective of the International Congress on World Evangelization, which is meeting Tuesday through July 20 in Manila, the Philippines.
We must not take diferent positions." He referred to Greece, which is considering recognizing the independent Palestinian state along with Israel.
Nineteen people in India and Pakistan have died in violence related to the novel.
Organizers said von Karajan's longtime assistant, Bruno Weil, would direct the Mozart opera at the Salzburg Festival House tonight.
The goal is to find the next McCaw Cellular Communications, a company whose bonds soared after it divulged plans to offer new stock in exchange for as much as $600 million face amount of junk.
Using more than three at a time would increase the chances of a multiple birth, Quigley says.
Candidates, at rallies and news conferences, openly criticized their once-secretive, autocratic union and its leaders.
In the meantime, a spokesman said the bank couldn't comment on speculation or on the reported Mirror Group holding.
Aspects of this event are unclear, but unlike similar recent incidents elsewhere, it's certain the U.S. will disclose publicly what it knows and learns from any investigation.
Some advertisers seek to balance what they call biased news coverage.
The next step is the sand," Wells said.
In resubmitting its request, the Robertson committee asked the commission to identify the sample contributions that had been rejected.
Beijing later threatened economic sanctions against Norway if the Dalai Lama was received officially, Norwegian reports said.
Thunderstorms brought high wind and hail to the South and Southwest, while snow fell in Michigan and Wisconsin and the high sizzled to 90 degrees near Miami.
As a result, the company faced heavy criticism in Japan.
The plan is due to be debated by the Bosnian assembly later this week.
Because the insurgents control most of the countryside, families who fled villages devastated by Soviet and Afghan bombing raids would return under guerrilla auspices.
Sources said the alleged theft occurred in HUD's Section 8 rent-subsidy program, which gives developers subsidies to build housing for low-income people.
Copper for July delivery ended 0.4 cent higher at $1.0545.
The Portuguese escudo and the Greek drachma are the only remaining outsiders.
As a result, officials built a special cell at the prison in Woodbourne where Bosket spends 23 hours a day in solitary confinement.
If any cash is recouped from this business it will come back through the profit and loss account. At the operating level Berisford achieved profits of Pounds 3.7m (Pounds 1.5m losses).
Lloyds Bank PLC said sharply higher provisions totaling #483 million ($797 million) against loans to less developed countries depressed pretax profit to #93 million in the first half of 1989 from #452 million a year earlier.
Officials of The Upjohn Co., which makes Halcion, said the greater number of Halcion reports could be the result of a number of things, including media reports about the drug.
The hostile cash offers sharply boosted arbitrage profits because they often triggered bidding wars for target companies.
Neither Mrs. Thatcher and Shevardnadze would give details of their 2-hour discussion.
So in theory, when social security spending rises, other elements in the budget must be cut back.
A computerized tracking system monitors the bank's response to the letters, making sure, for example, that telegrams are dispatched to writers within 24 hours of receipt.
He will also stop in Berlin.
The newspaper said surplus workers in the work force of 132 million are costing the state billions of dollars and are a heavy burden to enterprises.
This suggests a 42 per cent potential rise in the Nikkei, with a large part of the increase coming in the first two to three years.
Well, maybe not the herpes.
Authorize more than $1.65 billion for the C-17 cargo plane, but restrict expenditures pending resolution of manufacturing problems and cost overruns.
CONTRARY to popular belief, Britain's workers have adapted to change in a positive way.
The weekend after Thanksgiving, the chain posted a double-digit sales increase.
Neither is economic reform: Brazil, for example, has yet to provide evidence that its fiscal position is under control; Argentina's reform programme still has far to go; Mexico's current account deficit is rising, some believe, dangerously fast.
State authorities closed two Texas banks, bringing the number of bank failures nationwide this year to 98, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said.
John Uyeno, publisher of The Garden Island, says he will retire after almost 50 years at the paper, once a successor is chosen.
But there are exceptions, largely unknown outside a comparatively small circle.
Rewley House became the university's 36th college four years ago, although it has still to receive its royal charter. The name change is expected to be approved today.
The Group of Seven launched a new effort to contain the dollar in mid-September, which included dollar selling and interest rate increases in Japan and West Germany.
Security forces killed 77 leftist guerrillas Friday in two separate attacks in the Andes Mountains and the jungle, the government said.
More than 45 pounds of cocaine were found in his baggage.
TransCapital is Ohio's largest savings bank holding company with more than $4.4 billion in assets.
But even if that doesn't happen, Mr. Hough says Sallie Mae's maximum pretax loss would total between $30 million and $50 million, spread over three or four years.
While the newspapers prepared the first post-agreement edition of the Free Press for today, workers voted against ratifying a contract offer from the new newspaper agency and in favor of strike authorization.
"He had completed an album and was on his way home.
The maximum bonus amount accumulated at any one time can be Pounds 1,000. But this means a jobseeker will receive no extra money immediately for part-time work - hardly an incentive.
Ms. Matsuzaka earns more than five times the average for a working woman of her age, which is 21, and now is moving into more conventional entertainment.
Their price slid to 83.60 points from 84.72 points.
Bentley further embellishes his ferocious image with a blond mustache the ends of which wend to his jawline.
There's a difference between the various divisions.
"If companies can't compensate their employees, the employees will find a way to hurt you through inefficiency." Like many international airlines, Qantas got caught in the pincers of rocketing fuel costs and plunging revenue.
They've got a lot of fire down there," South said about an hour and a half after the fire was reported around 7 p.m.
The explosion occurred at 4:40 a.m. at the two-story house belonging to Manuel Fraga, a European Parliament deputy.
Hertz said the cost of accidental damage should be borne by the auto-rental companies and reflected in their basic charges.
Anyone worried about the effect on interest rates should hark back to the 1970s when we had a really soft dollar, 14% inflation and 21% interest rates.
Not all analysts are that bullish.
Two men, ages 25 and 27, were in custody, Ortiz said.
An official of the Bank of China's Shanghai branch confirmed the center is "under consideration," but wouldn't elaborate, the Kyodo news agency of Japan said.
So, too, have China's Communist rulers. When the socialists took power in Portugal in 1974, it was the Chinese government which had to persuade the Portuguese to stay.
The decision came despite a snag this week in talks aimed at improving relations between the two Koreas.
The ABC News poll, based on interviews with 8,659 voters last Thursday through Sunday in all 16 states holding primaries today, also found Rep. Richard Gephardt ahead only in his home state of Missouri.
Mayor Tom Bradley showed up for the last 10 minutes of the meeting.
Military officials who testified at the trial acknowledged that the orders on beating were ambiguous.
U.S. officials have promised that any American service member found to carry the virus will not be assigned to the Philippines.
Arafat told Il Messaggero that the PLO approved meetings with Israeli officials and has been receiving reports on the contacts.
They take place against the wishes of both the authorities and the unions.
Mr Hans-Heinrich Otte, senior partner at BDO Deutsche Warenstreuhand Aktiengesellschaft, says there has been a boom in fee volumes in Germany, driven by the opening up of the former eastern Germany.
Col. John Chapla, said chemical weapons currently are only produced or stored at Pine Bluff and Muscle Shoals.
Its chairman, Lord Young, is a former politician and construction tycoon.
As a result of the provision and intense competitive pressures, Citicorp saw earnings from its commercial and investment banking business in Europe, North America and Japan plummet 77% to $40 million from $173 million a year earlier.
The announcement Tuesday comes as budget-conscious advertisers increasingly are looking beyond the major TV networks to alternatives such as cable television, special event sponsorships and in-store promotions to boost sales.
Not one was a personal call.
It was a memorable experience for two reasons.
The company's earnings for the quarter ended April 4 were 18 cents a share, up from two cents a share, in the year-ago quarter, reflecting an industrywide recovery.
The change will lessen the immediate impact the bonds have on the debt.
He goes on to express the hope that U.S. troops remain sequestered on their bases to prevent "unholy ramifications" from Western contaminants such as alcohol and female drivers.
Mr. Themy-Kotranakis has agreed to buy back the $130,000 machine, which he says is in working order, in exchange for Yu Ra's dropping the charges.
The agency said the influx was increasing daily.
He previously held executive positions with Olivetti and the state-run RAI broadcasting network.
When other companies brought out a private-label Popsicle line, supermarkets asked Dean for another version.
Changes made since at Burger King include the appointment of Gary L. Langstaff, a former top executive at Hardee's, as Burger King's top marketing executive.
The Industry Ministry informed oil companies operating in France on Friday that imports of Iranian crude are henceforth subject to the usual French regulations governing oil imports.
The weather service said Hurricane Gilbert was the most intense storm on record in terms of barometric pressure.
In return, the plan mumbled something about creating 60,000 new college apprenticeships. The unions quickly labelled this the most severe attack ever by an elected government on organised labour.
And he worked financial wizardry by keeping Texaco liquid through its $11.1 billion legal battle with Pennzoil Co. and the bankruptcy-law proceedings that resulted from it.
"This is really a big lick for us," said statewide prosecutor Peter Antonacci.
Taiji Inoue of Yamaichi Securities said share prices fell almost across the board in afternoon trading following the bankruptcy rumor.
The state-run PAP news agency said strikes also were under way at the First of May and Borynia mines.
Gillian Armstrong made the famous, overrated My Brilliant Career.
Mr. Vogel said a more likely scenario would be a leveraged buy-out, but even that isn't realistic now.
Harold "Kim" Philby is dead, but the bitter aftertaste of his colossal betrayal still lingers in Britain.
The protest to the GSA board was filed by PacifiCorp.
Doskocil Cos., Hutchinson, Kan., said it signed a definitive credit agreement for $160 million from Chemical Bank to be used in its attempted acquisition of Wilson Foods Corp.
Texas Air is a dedicated airline builder with a substantial track record.
Stress causes far more turnover, reduced productivity, absenteeism and illness than previously known, the study reveals.
That was a 26% increase from $76.1 billion a year earlier (about half of the increase resulted from a new regulation forcing more detailed disclosure of delinquent loans by thrifts).
The official then said he was leaving the IRS to work for Guess, although ultimately he didn't take the position.
The producer price report showed prices at early stages of production increasing more slowly than prices for finished goods, which may bring down finished-goods inflation in the next few months.
Dienstbier told The Associated Press on Saturday that the opposition did not propose specific candidates for the new Cabinet, but concentrated on outlining what characteristics office holders should have.
One of his favorite wait-and-see plays in energy stocks is Grant Tensor Geophysical preferred, which makes up about 2% of his portfolio.
Dukakis, who has said he would entertain tax increases only as a last resort, claimed tougher tax collection could bring in up to $50 billion a year from cheats and scofflaws without overburdening honest taxpayers.
He was named Time Inc.'s public affairs director in 1970, then returned to Time magazine as worldwide promotion and public affairs director in 1976.
It said the new issue of preferred will pay an 8% annual dividend and have a term of five years plus one day.
When it comes to my choosing roles, my agents are kind of anti-agents.
The German government has recognised the benefit of such a move, having just approved plans to privatise its autobahns and impose an annual fee. Resource allocation on Britain's road system is one of the last outposts of Soviet-style economics.
He takes part in his ballet company's work-outs.
Among those under consideration were buying five minutes on the major television networks for a Dukakis speech, and the purchase of larger blocks of time _ as long as 30 minutes _ for either a town meeting style program or a national call-in show.
The best way for leaders such as Governors Martinez and Bangerter to avoid politically damaging tax revolts is to squeeze the most value out of existing revenues before they even think of digging deeper into the pockets of taxpayers.
Mr. Daniels, a native of Indiana, will leave the White House March 1 to become a partner in the Indianapolis law firm Baker & Daniels, and chief operating officer of Hudson Institute, an Indianapolis research organization.
The budget calls for $1.77 billion in new taxes and fees, and program cuts or changes of about $5.3 billion.
Directors of rock stations in Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles and San Diego said they hadn't heard of the controversy.
But committee Chairman Dale Bumpers (D., Ark.) only alluded to the subject.
She is in her fourth year at Brown medical school.
The Israeli prime minister, who expressed "strong reservations" about elements of the plan, said he expected the Israeli cabinet to vote on the proposal next week.
California had a $1.3 billion reserve that Deukmejian expects to be depleted by the end of the budget year.
A. That one argument is the one I _ not all the other critics _ Q. You've said since the beginning of the year that you thought Noriega should go.
After a nearly 10-month lull following the collapse of the earlier labor-management bid for UAL, banks appear ready again to finance what they consider well-structured leveraged transactions.
And I think that fact speaks for itself.
At least 13 people were killed when troops loyal to President Mobutu Sese Seko fired on pro-democracy demonstrators in Kinshasa, Zaire's capital.
The 2.6% growth rate was above most private forecasts, too.
He winces as a member of the Committee for Torture Awareness demonstrates electric shock.
The administration has proposed a 20 percent cut in the support price for domestic-use peanuts, from $631 a ton for this year's crop to $504 a ton.
Stade is 15 miles west of Hamburg and Biblis is 30 miles south of Frankfurt in the heavily populated Rhine River valley.
Six months after the Beijing massacre, she spoke again with some of them, now in exile and trying to keep the reform movement in their Communist homeland alive from half a world away.
They all looked terrible."
"We've really been focused on the opportunity aspect of it," he says.
Even if you are frantic, appear super-languid.
She added, however, that advertisers would be 'justifiably concerned' if advertising were concentrated.
Decliners topped gainers, 487 to 353.
Since one may reasonably assume that Adm.
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement.
It is here, not in technological mercantilism, that the miracle economies of the east have the most valuable lessons to impart.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, Becor closed yesterday at $15.125 a share, up 12.5 cents.
Wiener on Monday announced the support of 13 other state party leaders from the Midwest.
The college's most successful 100 candidates this year gained an average of 33.07 Ucas points, a score which would have ranked them in the top five for the country, among selective schools which have about 100 pupils per year.
Fearing foot-and-mouth disease and hog cholera, the U.S. government closed its borders.
This is caricatured as a defense in all cases of "stability" and the status quo.
Democrat Michael Dukakis and Republican George Bush made half-hour network appeals for votes Monday night, the final chapter in a long, often nasty television war that played a key campaign role.
Quintiles Transnational Corp. is the market leader in providing a full range of integrated product development and marketing services to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries.
With European elections looming, it is hardly surprising that the government used yesterday's first-quarter growth figures as an excuse to trumpet recovery.
It was not immediately clear what Karaish was doing when he was shot.
Every statistic set a record.
"My officers are going to have to learn, learn, learn," Fernau said.
Ordered to lie down, the six were shot in the head with automatic and semiautomatic weapons, police said.
In Southern California, protecting the homes of high-profile business people and entertainers, especially those with children, is a major part of the business.
A good earnings report from one of the market's largest companies helped allay some concern and lift the blue chip average.
The company earned $7.7 million, or 80 cents a share, on revenue of $39 million in 1990.
Clients and agencies shouldn't wait for the business climate to recover because the changes "are fundamental and irrevocable.
Five boys have been offered the deal, which will go into effect after the Christmas holiday if they accept.
USBI said the first launches using Soviet rockets would take place in 1995 or 1996.
The paper, which did not abide by Aoun's restrictions, gave no reasons for reversing its decision.
This one shows a man climbing a staircase representing the amount of time consumers in other countries must work to buy a pound of sugar.
He was renowned for his daring. "However many times you'd seen him, it was probably the most dangerously thrilling moment you'd seen on any stage," actor Jeremy Brett said Tuesday.
Tehran radio said 68 relief aircraft had landed at the capital's Mehrabad airport during a 24-hour period.
Gorbachev is expected to use his speech to spell out the kind of cooperation the Soviets are looking for in human rights, environmental protection, culture and the battle against terrorism.
Yesterday, Ricardo's shares closed 3p lower at 162p. FFD, which is based in Coventry and Detroit in the US, made pre-tax profits of Pounds 1.58m last year on turnover of Pounds 16.5m, with the profits divided equally between the US and UK.
With Mexico's high interest rates falling and inflation at 130% a year and climbing, yields on bank deposits last month turned negative in inflation-adjusted terms, leaving the raging stock market an irresistible choice for thousands of new investors.
Diplomats said the three resigned because they viewed Mr. U Nu's attempt as premature, and as a bid to exploit the chaotic situation for personal political gain.
Mendoza faces either a life sentence in prison without parole or the death penalty, Deputy District Attorney Lauren Weis said.
Mafia leader, was sentenced in New York yesterday to life in prison on murder and racketeering convictions.
Such a proposal is contrary to the logic of the process of pan-European unification," he said.
Miss Bande said that as giant waves battered the 2,855-ton Dona Marilyn on Monday, she and hundreds of others anxiously waited on deck as the crew frantically tried to pump water from the ship.
Commercial paper outstanding, or short-term corporate IOUs, now totals around $1.7 billion, down from over $8 billion in August.
Kristofferson said he hopes the tour can eventually go overseas.
Silver prices held steady.
Authorities said they provided the first automobile and the bulk of the 420,000 marks ($227,000) the robbers demanded to prevent any harm to the two captive bank employees, and had planned to pursue the getaway car.
The union will never compromise,' said Mr Yoshito Ishibashi, secretary general of the Sanyo union.
Small-business owners are facing a tax change that could triple the state taxes some pay.
"There are more things they'll have to do," Conway said, but did not elaborate.
The nearest big city, Xian, is more than 185 miles to the south, an eight-hour trip by car.
She added that one of four vice presidents who worked in marketing, Kevin Armstrong, also resigned yesterday.
The comments were rosier than many Americans would venture.
Crane is the one recognized motivating force in creating the new Conrail," said W. Glenn Cameron, vice president transportation research at Moseley Securities Corp., an investment banking firm in New York.
Mercury sells insurance only in California, and auto insurance accounts for more than 98% of its annual premium revenue of more than $400 million, the company said.
Concord Camera plunged 5/8 to 2 1/2.
Mooneyham served as president of World Vision from 1969 to 1982 and now is involved in consulting and Christian activities.
Non-EC exports rose by Pounds 78m to Pounds 4.87bn while imports dropped 0.9 per cent to Pounds 5.44bn.
"Here, there's plenty of work and the money is decent.
Domestic oil production peaked at 9.2 million barrels a day in February 1986.
"I reject Mr. Satiacum's evidence as untruthful," the judge said.
He expects the U.S. rig count will average 1,074 in 1991, up from 1,010 last year.
Robert Albertson, a banking analyst with Goldman, Sachs & Co., criticized the downgrade as unnecessary.
Some, such as AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit, Pan Am Corp.'s Pan American World Airways unit and Delta Air Lines, refuse to participate.
His patience and caring always got everyone through the hard and difficult times," said Mark Rizkowsky, a friend of Campisi's for 25 years and best man at his wedding.
"I favor support for economic reform but there has to be reform to be supported," Mrs. Thatcher said.
In September 1991, however, the agency began its own examination of air quality in the workplace, and a public comment period closed last year.
People have been known to buy the wrong house by mistake.
The best that can be said of share-backs is that, in those which used a tender, there may be a tax credit.
The U.S. bearing industry has benefited from substantial increases in domestic demand and is operating at or near 100 percent of capacity.
Batteries and throw-away razors will have a levy of 10 and 20 francs respectively. Leading the battle against the tax are the plastics and chemicals industries.
Last November, she attended a memorial service in Enniskillen for 11 people killed when the IRA bombed a commemoration ceremony for Britain's war dead.
In fact, PNM itself attempted to buy Utah Power, based in Salt Lake City and with a sprawling, three-state web of transmission lines, in a transaction that was rejected last year.
In some constituencies they could work well together, for example in the working class areas of Kowloon.
With dealers saying that supplies of the machine are plentiful, Tandy has started discounting the $750 to $1,300 1000 RL by as much as $200, depending on the model.
Ms. Ryan said she had been buying four tickets a week until Florida offered a $23 million jackpot in early August.
As previously reported, Diamond Shamrock's board Sunday turned down Mr. Pickens's third offer to buy the company, a $15-a-share, all-cash offer valued at about $2 billion that he made only to the board.
The ever-encroaching invasion of privacy must cease.
That might have caused losses for Morgan at a time when brokerage houses were in jeopardy, they said.
Minnesota's Republican auditor has jumped into the governor's race, taking advantage of allegations the regular GOP nominee invited teen-age girls to take a nude dip with him nine years ago.
Mr. Wang said that whatever system is adopted, the market at first is likely to open to selected institutional investors who meet standards set by the SEC.
With computers, the budget is on time, Gaile said.
Some on Wall Street share Upjohn's optimism about Rogaine, and argue that the anti-baldness drug isn't the only new product that could help the company.
France will also be totally absorbed in its own presidential elections.
(Waste Management won't comment but doesn't dispute the figures.) As unpleasant as the business might seem, company executives appear to love it.
How do environmentalists respond to the human carnage from their policies?
But I'm not _ I think the world sees clearly that if this had occurred 20 years ago, there wouldn't have been this cooperative feeling at the United Nations.
Of that, it said, $53 million _ or 29 percent _ came from the special-interest groups known as PACs.
He said Unocal Exploration could become an acquisition vehicle for Unocal, which has shed much of its debt in recent years.
The Arizona Republic reported last month that Toyota would pay $47.6 million for 14,000 acres of land.
But many at the fair said they were willing to change the way they do business to get even a small portion of Limited's huge business.
General-products making is headed by vice president Welton Birdwell, who will report to Mr. Wells.
He and some friends hacked out a little community five miles from the nearest road.
The industry is changing rapidly in terms of chains taking over nursing homes and hospitals becoming subsidiaries of holding companies "in all types of other businesses," he said.
When we look at you, we don't see lawyer and Ricketts.
"I've had some very close calls," he said. "I had a head-on collision with an airplane on my last film.
"It somewhat insults our intelligence," Mr. Bossidy said, for people to think that "having made the investment in Kidder, that we are going to go about putting in a management system that is inappropriate.
"Both sides have to be the same.
Byron Allumbaugh was elected a director of this financial-services holding concern, increasing board membership to 13. He is chairman and chief executive officer of Ralphs Grocery Co., a division of Federated Department Stores Inc.
Higher food costs, especially for dairy and citrus products, were said to be the main factors.
In particular there is a cap-sleeved, drop-waisted version with a pleated skirt edged with a floral band for Pounds 55. Also from Harrods Olympic Way.
Taro Vit also said the unit has submitted eight abbreviated new drug applications for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval, with sales potential of more than $20 million a year.
The maker of computer data storage, communication and graphics products said it will buy the shares from time to time on the open market.
U.S. Air Force units in Oman will hold a mock Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.
"Adding $500 of someone else's money" to the unemployment benefits would only encourage that type of layoff, he says.
To play with a good pianist who understands Shostakovich is very dear to me.
Anthrax expert Dr. Philip Brachman of Emory Univeristy called the Soviets' presentation in Washington a "landmark report" in an interview Tuesday with the Washington Post.
With its territorial greed, it's becoming a nuisance." As usual, the PLO's policy shift was subtle but clear.
MYX558 was the third.
Other options open to the retailer include making an acquisition itself or spinning off one of its units to shareholders.
Israel radio said the new bullet was potentially lethal at a range of under 70 yards.
Investors remain too nervous about potential congressional and Bush administration measures to boost economic growth, however, to extend into the riskier 30-year Treasury bonds, the trader says.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange's leading index fell sharply for the second consecutive day today amid fears of higher interest rates, while the dollar rose slightly against the Japanese yen.
Revenue rose to $144.6 million from $122 million.
He said that her married name, set in riveted lead letters, was chiseled off the tombstone three times.
Omar Bradley's words about non-service connected benefits from three decades ago to imply there is some vast amount of largess going to hordes of unentitled veterans.
What he found was a town where racism was rampant, football received more support than English and school district lines were drawn to make sure that the best athletes went to the best school.
The B-2, he added, "is a revolutionary plane with revolutionary technology.
He was knighted in 1979. In 1985, only six months after his retirement from TI, Sir Brian was appointed chairman of the Port of London Authority.
The thrifts with the biggest cash needs aren't the ones with the biggest stakes in the Freddie Mac preferred.
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, News Corp.'s American depository shares fell $2 to $23.875.
MB America has agreed to buy American Bank Stationery from an investment group that includes company management and headed by the New York investment banking firm Gibbons, Green, van Amerongen.
Commissioned in 1874 from the architect Hippolyte Destailleurs, it took 15 years to complete. The situation, atop a pointed hill, was unpromising but the peak was sliced off and a huge artificial platform was erected to accommodate the house.
The report marked the first effort to track the health of minority groups other than black Americans since 1967, when the department began compiling statistics on the nation's health.
For the current year the institute forecast a rise in the external surplus to almost 7 per cent.
Over the weekend, a Nebraska man called and ordered chili for his son, who had lived in New Mexico.
Long-time Berlin resident Helga Galler, 60, was among the 400 people waiting for the landing at Berlin's Templehof airport.
Standard Chartered settled a net 4 higher at 704p ex-dividend, while Cable and Wireless, which derives more than half of its earnings from Hong Kong, settled only a fraction off at 712p, having fallen to 698p at the outset of trading.
The case against him, lacking sufficient evidence for a retrial, was dropped.
"There are ballot propositions on issues from gun control to the size of cow stalls, and yes, everyone of these choices is vital, every one is crucial.
"You have to allow yourself the flexibility and time to get on with the next step."
West German officials say Poland is demanding more than Bonn can give, thus acting as the de facto ally of the Soviet Union in mounting international barriers to German unification.
The problem here is that in most cases the stress produced by this approach is psychologically different from the stress produced by the job.
A radio report said the meeting had already taken place, but de Klerk's office denied that.
From that point onwards, safety became the overriding priority.
Tax-exempt money market funds currently yield an average 5.16%.
The court trimmed the total of Miller's untaxed fraudulent income to $31,500 from the $53,000 listed by the IRS in its deficiency notice.
He wants to stay.
Biaggi also was convicted in November 1987 of accepting an illegal gratuity _ a paid vacation _ for helping an ailing New York shipyard.
(The choreographer Mark Morris, when a young dancer, left a ballet company because 'I got tired of pretending to be a straight guy in love with a ballerina.') So why do gay men go to ballet?
The ship's Phalanx gun, designed to hurl a storm of radar-guided shells at an incoming cruise missile, was on automatic, and its own missiles and Stinger anti-aircraft teams were ready to fire.
But the officials made it clear that they want regulators to follow more balanced policies that stress the need for banks to continue making good loans and, if prudent, give banks more time to work their way out of bad loans.
Without them, market share for the Japanese companies fell to 18.1 percent last month from 19.7 percent in 1985.
What appeared to many as a success in American foreign policy, in keeping with American ideals, was actually a national disgrace.
About $6 billion of the portfolios are involved in stock and index futures-related strategies.
Under the agreement, shareholders would receive $155 in cash, $35 in UAL notes and an estimated $11 worth of securities in UAL subsidiary Covia Corp. for each UAL share.
When the Pope ascends, if not into heaven, at least into the flies, the chandelier drops smoothly to collect him. Even the acting is not to be faulted.
Other workers were rescued in the same vicinity Thursday night, he said.
Prosecutors plan to push for a new trial of extremist Lyndon LaRouche and his associates in a federal conspiracy case that continued for four months until a judge declared a mistrial.
Such an eventuality would provide the most unexpected and welcome encouragement to neutralists and unilateralists who in Holland, Belgium, West Germany and Britain lost the game and were proved wrong.
A 42-year-old former teacher of the year was sentenced to life in prison for fondling as many as 16 boys.
Major labels today do not sign bluegrass performers because the commercial market for them is weak.
H-P is already a big supplier of workstations to ASK, which sells the machines with its software packages.
On Sunday, Lahd's militiamen killed three guerrillas near Naqoura, about two miles north of the Israeli border.
Mr. Dawkins urges them to resist.
"Then they said how about Fixx?
As part of the agreement, Child World will assume $60 million of long-term subordinated debt that CNC owes to First Executive Corp., a Los Angeles insurance holding company.
But now with the development of missiles and nuclear weapons, the meaning of war has changed.
"That is absolutely not part of what we're doing," he says.
Chevron seeks court orders requiring Pennzoil to sell the stock and prohibiting further purchases without notice.
VW wouldn't explain the reasons for the summary dismissal that ended its arrangement with Mr. Junger.
"Medium and smaller stocks have come back into investment favor." Most of the houses are judged on an official recommended list.
A Swedish newspaper reported last week that Mogilny had a month's salary withdrawn and lost his "Master of Sports" order.
Mr. Lichtenberg said his selection fulfilled a dream "that began when I was a kid and read a lot of science fiction."
In 1989, Petronas had to make another MDollars 982m cash injection after loan losses on the Malaysian property market. In early 1991, Petronas sold Bank Bumiputra to the Finance Ministry for an undisclosed sum.
"A reasonable juror could have interpreted the instruction to allow a finding of guilt based on a degree of proof below that required by the (Constitution's) due process clause," the justices said.
The company would also get to sell all merchandise linked to the game, as well as tickets and travel packages.
The court, without comment, let stand a Montana law used to add 10 years to the 30-year prison sentence given a man who brandished a gun during a pizza shop robbery.
In the case of Romania Libera, the shortage created a new brand of crime, newspaper theft.
The result: Senators were forced to take the concerns about Tower seriously.
More extensive treatment can even include braces.
The department said Thursday it will publish in Friday's edition of the Federal Register an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking as the first formal step for lifting the ban.
The huge crater remains. Quite whether all this justifies the new twice-weekly air service from Hanoi remains to be seen.
A spokeswoman for Gruen declined to comment.
To date, says the foundation, "a summit-arranged budget has never even reduced the deficit below the level of the summit year." In short, don't expect freedom day to occur much earlier next year.
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said today the president would increase the number of FEMA offices in South Carolina to nine.
Heavily promoted software titles, such as a video game based on the film Jurassic Park, arrived late and did not live up to the hype that preceded them. Over recent months, however, 3DO has been gaining momentum.
But here the tables are turned.
Jazz, which began in the United States, is heard by thousands of Soviets though a daily Voice of America shortwave radio program.
Hart said that the work on recycling was part of Bush's intention to put a focus on measures to protect the environment.
He also was accused of ordering the hanging of a Jewish resident in the Latvian village of Audrine, the statement said.
Red Cross disaster relief in fiscal 1990-91 totaled $184 million.
A woman who kept the Uzi under her bed for several years turned it in to "get it out of her life," he said.
Lott's TV ads are produced by Robert Goodman, who made the "Morning in America" spots for President Reagan in 1984, and they have been effective in softening the GOP candidate's cool partisan edge.
But then he sat down and chatted for 20 minutes about China's open-door policy and investment prospects. We received much the same treatment from the intent-looking Russian woman who rushed in waving a sheaf of forms.
Such price initiatives may blunt the erosion of BT's domestic base and slow Mercury's advance.
Analysts said rising stock prices had been expected after six consecutive days of losses.
The countries fought a brief war along the border in 1969.
But they have also been reducing their own taxes for years through a series of state referenda.
Another person died in a traffic accident south of the city when the car struck horses that had gotten loose on Highway 1, Ms. Phillips said.
Females, with rare exceptions, are little affected by most X chromosome defects because they have two X chromosomes.
An undercover FBI agent told jurors Thursday he traded thousands of commodities contracts for customers while secretely recording pit traders' conversations during an unprecedented sting operation.
The data from a loan company he used to train his system contained several of these examples.
"Both the spending and home sales are a flash in the pan," said Allen Sinai, chief economist at Boston Co. "If the jobs and income aren't there how can people keep up spending?
He suffered the stroke at his home Wednesday and was taken to a military hospital in the Cape Town suburb of Wynberg.
If the governing class doesn't make partisan distinctions, neither will the revolutionaries.
Unemployment, marital strife and children's behavioural problems have risen sharply in past few years, while house prices have plummeted to 1978 levels.
Martinez has a huge campaign war chest ready for the campaign and plans a new television ad blitz beginning this week.
The step that sealed Olivier's stardom was his move to Hollywood in 1939 to make "Wuthering Heights."
The press coverage has been very hurtful: it's a bit like taking a blow in the stomach because of the way it's been conducted, certainly from the other side.
Bankers are not popular anywhere.
Mr. Naber will be a corporate vice president, and president of Sigma's research division.
He said he hopes the work will lead to finding the gene for another type of glutamate receptor, called the NMDA receptor because it binds to a man-made chemical called N-methyl-D-aspartate.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Burke said a decision would be made on whether Kawaguchi will be prosecuted for possible visa fraud.
The TV lights went out for televangelist Jim Bakker, who got a 45-year prison term for conspiracy and fraud.
That win total probably will never be topped, because schools aren't allowed to play that many games anymore.
But the government's response has been to lower salaries, a controversial solution in a country where most workers earn less than $30 a week.
An arrest warrant accusing Gerald Thomas Lampkins of practicing medicine without a license _ and listing more than six aliases _ was filed last Feb. 12.
The oil-on-canvas painting of a Paris street bedecked with flags commemorating the war dead was bought at Christie's auction house Tuesday by an anonymous American dealer for the J. Paul Getty Museum in Malibu, Calif.
An Austrian company has invested in a long-term waste storage centre in Aszod.
The messages of internationalists such as Michel Camdessus of the International Monetary Fund and Charles Carlisle, deputy director-general of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), drew rapt attention.
The government, he said, implemented UN sanctions immediately and local financial institutions were under strict instructions to freeze transfers of Yugoslav funds.
Doskocil and its subsidiaries formulate, process and market specialty precooked meat, meat toppings, pepperoni, and other speciality meats.
The fine print was still being haggled over yesterday evening. Among other things, consuming countries have been arguing for a defined role on the committee, which will co-ordinate producers' supply plans in the light of expected market conditions.
How sad that of the many lessons of Vietnam, this one has been most ignored.
Hill's camp disputes polling daa showing Coats with a wide lead.
Tax cuts are expected to total the equivalent of about $27.8 billion a year, and new taxes are expected to generate an equal amount, making the overall restructuring revenue neutral.
An NRC official looking into the incident recently told Sutton's wife that information was indeed available from one radio station "but I guess we don't listen to them," he said.
In early trading in Tokyo Friday, share prices continued to rise.
The firm also would have the right to add 20-25 percent to the unspecified interest it would get for its $75 million.
He doesn't name names, but he says 75% of the Steeler offensive linemen took them, and 50% of the players who manned the team's "power positions" (the offensive and defensive lines, and linebackers).
Finally, though Cuba does not have a perfect record on human rights, Mr. Valladares had no credible evidence to back up his portrait of Cuba as a totalitarian dungeon.
Promoters say each contestant is interviewed for five minutes with each judge before the main event tonight.
We talked also about the very difficult situation in the Middle East.
"This defendant is the third defendant in this case whose presence in this country is the result of forcible removal from his country," Rafeedie said.
Additional minutes of weekend and night calling will cost 12 cents each.
Rowny referred to Bush's proposal for deeper Soviet troops cuts than the United States would make under the treaty.
He said it would be given to an anthropological pathologist for examination.
There is something extraordinarily luscious about her style - the very pliant feet, the curvaceousness of the slightly hyperextended legs, the lack of harshness - and this is combined with a very sweet kind of innocence.
PacifiCorp said its unit, Inner PacifiCorp Inc., began its previously announced offer for 3.7 million shares of Equitec Financial Group Inc., or 75% of the shares outstanding, at $10 a share.
Family Media had paid $26 million for the property in 1987.
They were generally higher on the belief that fighting might break out in the Persian Gulf.
White House and Treasury Department officials on Monday did not immediately return telephone calls seeking comment.
The skirmish exposed the deep cracks in the governing Janata Dal party, which dominates the five-party minority coalition and underlined the personal hostility between Devi Lal and Singh.
Brazil, the world's largest coffee producer, wields a heavy bat at the talks.
The service had acknowledged earlier that radio wave interference could cause "uncommanded control inputs," moving the helicopter's horizontal stabilator slightly, but not to the extent of posing a flight safety hazard.
"His real job is boss of the most powerful crime family in this country.
"There could be many banking problems we haven't heard about yet," one foreign banker said.
Another measure limits banking secrecy and empower courts to seize funds believed to be earned from racketeering related to terrorism.
Mr. Tsongas developed his health plan in early 1991, after he was retained by the association.
On Wednesday General Sani Abacha's regime passed the point of no return.
Directors demanded copies of the report and scheduled a special meeting June 30.
Now that they have a motorbike, the main market is only minutes away.
The revised U.S.-backed debt strategy has emphasized cutting back debt and interest payments over continued lending to heavily indebted developing countries.
But Babar, a taxi driver who came to Jayapura 12 years ago from Sulawesi, says Irianese are incapable of holding down steady jobs.
The researchers also took blood to check for allergy-causing antibodies.
They have worked quietly, often unseen.
"Everybody coming in wanted their car before Dec. 31," said Kathy Pokorski, new-car sales manager at Heishman BMW in Arlington, Va.
"M. Butterfly," John Rubinstein stars in a play by David Henry Hwang about the love affair between a French diplomat and a Chinese opera star.
Once the choice is made, the defeated candidate could lead an exodus of loyal MPs out of the party.
Gold was quoted at $437.10 an ounce in early trading Tuesday in Hong Kong.
Today they spend $35.5 billion on tobacco, and almost $10 billion is collected as tax.
Children under 18 are fined $25 if caught smoking cigarettes in Woodridge, Ill., one of the few places where laws against smoking by minors are enforced.
The Dec. 16 INS policy under fire required asylum-seekers to stay close to the application center nearest their point of entry while their requests are considered.
Simultaneously, patients, in "revolt," want more sensitive doctors who will enlist them as partners and share responsibility with them.
"But prices to the final purchaser have been relatively stable, and I see no reason for that to change in 1989," says Greg A. Smith, chief investment strategist.
Prosecutors said McGivern, Culhane and inmate Robert Bowerman tried to escape from a car while being transported for a court appearance.
I should want a guaranteed budget and at least a three-year term, to be shortened only by a unanimous vote of the council. I rather doubt if I should get it.
Top management should restrict itself to guidance and advice and stay out of the detail.
T/F 3. Most people are more concerned with the size of their own salary than with the salary of others.
Waigel's comments came after a day after a high-ranking official in Bonn warned that East Germany is rapidly approaching insolvency.
At the moment, some are handled under civil law, which results in long drawn-out cases. The reason for taking this more specific route is that a change of general principle would involve a change in the Swiss constitution, and thus require a referendum.
Buying much of that equipment are the service, retail, wholesale and communications concerns, which collectively outspend manufacturers these days.
The Armed Services Committee report estimates that the U.S. and its allies could initially lose 10 or more planes a day.
MOTOROLA, the US electr-onics group, yesterday announced plans to expand its East Kilbride semiconductor plant in Scotland to make it the biggest of its kind in Europe.
Through the dealer network, Volkswagen said, its entire auto program, including the sale of used cars, is to be made available.
The express delivery concern will buy 30 Boeing 727-100jets from United, a unit of Allegis Corp., Chicago.
He has repeatedly opposed military aid to the Contra guerrillas and has only supported nonlethal aid in the context of a peace process.
He was chilled to the bone.
It still remains to be seen where ER should stand in the pantheon of feminist heroines.
Following the praises of her celebrated guests, the Queen came to thank the pizzaiulo.
The latter is a means-tested benefit, with a lower take-up than retirement pension.
That meant administrators had to find the $15 million somewhere else if they wanted to run the program.
Here are highlights of Massachusetts' universal health care law to make affordable insurance available to all residents by 1992.
The nation's leading commercial banks dropped their prime lending rates a half percentage point to 10 percent, marking the first reduction in nearly half a year and paving the way for many cheaper business and consumer loans.
Tansley, 28, a second secretary at the embassy, was given 10 days to leave Iraq, the Foreign Office said.
Excluding the gain, the latest year's earnings still showed solid improvement over last year's net of $22.6 million, or 23 cents a share.
Big Board issues finished mixed.
Idol's publicist, Ellen Golden, said it would likely be several days before Idol knows if he'll be able to go ahead with the movie and a concert tour this summer.
"But it doesn't happen in a day or two," he said.
When the conservancy got the land, the island was a dead brown.
IMI, the engineering group of which he is managing director, used to be an ICI division.
Hutton now intends to let the market dictate the price of the bonds, Mr. Rittereiser said, adding that most of the bonds will trade above par and pose no risk to clients.
'It is difficult to draw the line between institutions that need back office support and those that do not.
In what no doubt made a pleasant change from poring over economic data, two UK Treasury officials flew to Scotland earlier this year for a day's tour of whisky distilleries.
He praised the university, near Cape Town, as South Africa's "most potent academic institutional dissident." In the past decade, the university has increased its black enrollment from a handful to 13 percent of the 11,500 students.
Asked about the flood of Nicaraguan refugees entering the United States, with some 100,000 to 125,000 in the Miami area, Calero said the Resistance has asked U.S. officials to treat the refugees humanely and not deport them.
WIDELY CRITICIZED new rules for estimated taxes would be repealed by the House.
"After receiving the ultimatum, there was no turning back from the imposition of martial law," says Col. Kuklinski.
During the debate, Helms was backed by Sen. Gordon Humphrey, R-N.H., who proposed abolishing the endowment for what he called its subsidies of "frivolity and decadence" at a time when Congress is struggling to reduce huge budget deficits.
Ironically, a cosmic collision on that scale brings global catastrophe by ice rather than by fire.
Imports, at $11.49 billion, were up 11% from February 1986 and 15% from January.
But as Einstein said, everything's relative.
Dole's comments came before Bush administration officials and congressional leaders met for four hours in a private room at the Capitol in an effort to work out a budget deal.
At the same time, the authority says it saves rate-payers nearly $1 billion a year by providing lower-cost power than that generated by other New York utilities.
Volume on the first section Thursday was estimated at 330 million shares, up from 223.5 million shares Wednesday. Gaining issues outnumbered declining issues 599 to 345, while 153 issues remained unchanged.
The 36-year-old head of the nation's leading software and personal computer maker bought 843,691 shares of company stock at a price that realized a net value of $25,356,425, according to company reports.
About 330,000 of Israel's 800,000 Arab citizens are eligible to vote this year, and could control 14 seats in the 120-member Parliament.
For the Roman Catholic Church, crippled and corrupted by the Communist state, Christmas will be a joyous reawakening of hope after more than four decades of persecution.
On the New York Stock Exchange three issues were newly listed and two others will begin trading soon.
However, Claiborne has already diversified into everything from menswear to large sizes, and some question how much further the seemingly ubiquitous Liz label can be stretched.
Last year, Beatrice paid C$40 million to acquire Eplett Dairies Ltd. Gerry Schwartz, Onex's chairman and chief executive officer, said this year that the company was planning another dairy acquisition of similar size.
The study was delivered at a Senate Labor task force hearing on the workforce and workplace readiness.
With some strength returning to the dollar, traders said some foreign investors moved back into the market.
Still, he adds wistfully, "it'd be nice."
"Let's go get him (Saddam) now so we can go home," Army Spec. 4 Gwendolyn Page shouted at Bush at Dhahran.
"The storm's center would have to pass very close or right over any of the islands to bring any hurricane-force winds," Sasaki said.
In the Roman Catholic Church, beatification is one step away from possible sainthood.
At the time of the receivership 46 banks were owed more than Pounds 350m secured on assets of Pounds 200m.
They now account for a fifth of all Hungarian enterprises and a sixth of total value added. However, their overall performance has been poor, with net profits in the latest year down two-thirds from the previous year, the ECE says.
Negotiations are apparently at an advanced stage with two other republics in the Commonwealth of Independent States to supply one Boeing 757 and one 737 on leasing contracts.
But he switched parties because he calculated that the campaign leading to the Sept. 11 GOP primary would be a good forum for his platform of "immediate legalization" of marijuana and the licensing of other drugs.
I never needed any help like welfare or anything.
Sumitomo Electric Industries makes electric wire, telecommunications cable, special steel wire, sintered alloy products and disc brakes.
Government troops reportedly seized 67 vehicles equipped with machine guns.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index jumped 4.95 to 254.00, also a new closing high.
A Southmark spokesman said the company acquired Johnstown for its property management business.
Yet "if you expel more black males from some school than, say, Asian females, that becomes a court case, with the ACLU intervening."
Ms. Genteel, 18 at the time, performed a work by Debussy and "Hooked on Classics" ("it's like disco classical," she explained).
Nazarkin replaced Alexei Obukhov and had been chief Soviet envoy at the 40-nation Conference on Disarmament, which has been seeking for years to complete a treaty banning chemical weapons worldwide.
Then the oil shocks of the 1970s dried up the jobs and the flow of cash.
Although the letter didn't specify plans, representatives of the companies said they would like to have their own engineers participate in the design and development work with Sun and AT&T.
Progressives from the lower ranks of the Communist Party are mounting an open challenge in the powerful Central Committee, demanding a multiparty system and a virtual apology for decades of totalitarian rule.
Saddam Hussein's dozen years of iron-fisted rule have held together Iraq's crazy quilt of religious sects and ethnic groups.
Because of an error in addresses, narcotics officers David Rasche and Richard Young raid his house and wound him in the process.
'It should be clear to everyone that Audi cannot manage this in a few months,' he added. Mr Kortum, a marketing expert appointed by Mr Piech, has repeatedly said that Audi's quality was better than its image.
Some of those employees may be eligible for transfer to other Hormel plants, the company said.
Thus he writes magisterially, "If judges could govern areas not committed to them by specific clauses of the Constitution, then there would be no law other than the will of the judge."
However, the second-quarter deficit means AMR is now posting a net loss of Dollars 146m for the first half, on revenues of Dollars 7.09bn.
Black flags were hung on telephone poles and pro-IRA slogans were scrawled on walls in Loughmacrory, 45 miles west of Belfast.
A few drag wooden carts, piled with home-made furniture, by hand.
South of the equator, only Antarctica is above 65 degrees.
So, with Toyota's help, Mr. Khan's workers improvised.
Police said one person was killed and five people, including a 6-year-old boy, were wounded by sniper fire between Samir Geagea's Lebanese Forces militia and Gen.
But unless there's some change in the Gramm-Rudman law, he will be forced to come up with budget cuts of the same size as Mr. Reagan's.
When he heard the Who were reforming several months ago, civic center manager Jack Kelley said he began making overtures to the band and kept his fingers crossed.
Soon, Mr. Bush may begin to feel like a voodoo doll, when he is stuck with explaining his administration's legacy of debts and deficits.
Besides, an Award of Merit will be given to the Beach Boys.
Summit Savings Association said it added $435,000 to its loan-loss reserve and restated results for its fiscal third quarter, ended March 31, producing a loss for the period.
Rosewood said in the filing it may buy additional Phillips-Van Heusen shares in the future.
But after all, it is nearly Christmas.
Goncalves is one of Sarney's closest advisers.
On Jan. 9, he was charged with possession of less than an ounce of marijuana and following a vehicle too closely after an accident in which his car struck the rear of another vehicle.
This can be contrasted even with 1987, the year when inflation was lowest in 1980s.
Economists at Boston Co. expect a big jump in industrial output, due out tomorrow, mainly because of higher production of autos and capital goods.
Taiwan lost its observer status in 1971, when GATT took its lead from the United Nations' decision to replace Taiwan with the People's Republic of China.
"This ain't no good place to grow up, but we try our best," said Mavis Watson, one of the 18 people living in the shack on the Panther Burn Plantation here.
It's not my fault somebody else out there looks like me." The other man told The Dallas Morning News he was terrified to learn "I was facing death row." "I thought I was going to die for something I didn't do," he said.
Ms. Garzarelli, a market analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc., won a small measure of fame last October when the mutual fund she manages, Sector Analysis Portfolio, was one of the few stock funds to post a gain the week of the crash.
It wasn't rioting, it was fighting," said Tompkins, who added that damage was minor.
Although the East North Central region was the only one to have a decline in failures at the end of 1990, failures there rose 28% in the quarter, to 2,848. Ohio was the only state in the region to report a decrease in bankruptcies, down 5.2% to 635.
We hoped to receive 40 applications.
Mulford said some progress had been made in Japanese moves to expand ceilings on individuals' overseas accounts and to allow their use for portfolio investment.
In the health field, authorities admit their system of free medical care is woefully inadequate.
Strauss sees growth of share earnings at near 50 per cent this year and next, with growth in dividends at a cumulative 21 per cent over the two years. NatWest Securities stresses that economic fundamentals 'do not point to an immediate rate rise'.
Ms. Ehrenfeld is the author of "Narco-Terrorism," to be published by Basic Books this fall, and a research scholar at New York University School of Law.
The process is quick, enabling all 30,000 holes on one board to be made in 15 minutes, compared with conventional mechanical drilling which takes 4 1/2 hours, according to Buchwald. The Swiss DYCOstrate technology brings other benefits.
Witnesses said many demonstrators were children.
Superior Court Judge Alexander Lehrer closed the trial Wednesday, saying the case had "no significant legal import" such as the case of Baby M which involved a surrogate mother's battle for custody of her daughter.
She soon found her way into films.
Israel views the PLO as a terrorist organization and rejects the idea of an international conference.
Other Iraqi officials also have said their military would deploy all weapons in case the forces in Saudi Arabia attacked Iraq to reverse its Aug. 2 occupation of Kuwait.
"Should all deadlines be forgot and never met on time," Conte told his colleagues.
Without current tax incentives that encourage such plans, many millions of these workers would depend solely on government entitlement programs, and America's economy would do without the vast pools of retirement savings that fuel our productivity.
"I really thought I had blown it.
That was 36 fewer than the previous year's count, Rodgers said.
The credit unit's problems aren't entirely over.
It is the final resting place of Woodrow Wilson. Martin Luther King Jr. preached his last Sunday sermon there, three days before he was murdered.
Contacto con alguien que usted no conoce bien (un encuentro casual o una persona que practique la prostitucion) o con alguien que usted sabe que tiene varios companeros sexuales.
Rafael Solis, a high-ranking military commander, said the Sandinistas would not cede control of the police or Central America's largest army until the Contras disband.
It publishes an average estimate of the three measures, which is considered the best guide to long-term economic movements.
Incorporate a clause in the agreement, stipulating the number of people who may live in the property. MOVING IN.
The government doesn't spend enough to fight crime, which is up 40 percent this year, the top Soviet law enforcer said in appealing for funds to raise salaries and put more and better equipment on the streets.
Terms call for holders of First Federal to receive 2.7692 New Hampshire Savings shares for each of their approximately 1.6 million First Federal shares.
About 50 people participated in the demonstration.
But by proposing it, Sen. Bradley succeeded in casting doubt on whether the plan to phase out the child-care credit would be adopted.
Separately, industry sources said IBM will make a major mainframe announcement next Tuesday, and speculated that it will include long-awaited software enhancements that would serve as a midlife kicker for IBM's tiring mainframe line.
About 500 firefighters from San Diego and Orange counties and Camp Pendleton were fighting the blaze, aided by aircraft dropping fire retardants and water, said base spokeswoman Capt.
There was evidently some profit taking as the market realised that Devro's operating margin will have to be even more powerful to offset the rising tax charge of the next few years.
Tibetans seeking independence from China have protested violently three times since October 1987, and the minority Uyghurs of far western China have demonstrated against nuclear testing in their region.
Dealers said the gains in the Treasury market came on the back of a Japanese news-service report that suggested another Soviet coup may be in the works.
It was released as a gathering of education and business leaders recognized 115 elementary and secondary school teachers from 23 areas.
The weekend's defections threaten to weaken the Forum's grassroots campaign to retain power in the general to elections to be held before next spring. Aides of the prime minister expect to limit the far-right share of the vote to less than 10 per cent.
American movies are still rare because the Chinese won't pay the big distribution fees Hollywood requires.
The dollar and bond prices finished lower.
On currency matters, Bundesbank policy seems to square better with that of the U.S. than with some of its European neighbors.
Well you have the answer now.
He was, though, estranged, saying a few years ago he never would play again with longtime companions Crazy Horse.
My heart just went boom boom.
Toxie has an assistant, Nozone, an acrobatic pilot, who was disfigured when he accidentally flew through a hole in the ozone.
A final report on these talks is scheduled to be issued in July.
The Independent newspaper said, "The chances are much better than even that insider dealers can carry on their dishonest trade with little fear of being found out.
He is said to favour Mrs Quinn. Mrs Quinn represents Galway West.
He blamed losses earlier this year on some "fraudulent" claims and "excessive" fees and said controls in such areas have been tightened.
In Chancery Court in Delaware, Chancellor William T. Allen decided in favor of Time and Warner.
That's the housing market for you, up and down more sharply than other markets, and always exaggerating the usual economic cycle.
Overall, and despite the strong Sales growth from DEM 37.2m to DEM 35.9m, a reduction in operative costs was experienced.
The Editing Process, by Meredith Oakes, deals with the publishing industry.
Allow me to elaborate on this.
AMHERST, Mass. _ From smalltown America to Japan, scholars eager to explore the secrets of Ernest Hemingway come to Massachusetts to sift through the working papers he left behind.
Traders were buying yen, having concluded that Japan is less vulnerable to the lack of oil supplies from Iraq and Kuwait than previously thought, said Jeffrey Mondschein, foreign-exchange director at Continental Bank in Chicago.
They seized a computer and left an arrest warrant.
Chicago's futures exchanges, beseiged by the federal investigation of alleged fraud on their trading floors, said they are developing tamperproof, hand-held order entry terminals to be used by their floor brokers.
The Supreme Court ruled today that a federal law reducing patent-infringement protection for drug companies applies to medical devices.
"I think most of us feel the money and resources should be spent on the Eastern Seaboard," says a container-shipping executive.
'Reverse capital flight, fiscal and monetary reform, declining inflation, a growing economy and great potential foreign interest.' A Cairo-based analyst at an American Bank shares his optimism.
The preferred shares, as well as Willard Rockwell's seven million common shares, have been pledged to various financial institutions to secure the executive's personal borrowings that currently are in default, according to the company proxy.
"We just want them to modify the title by calling it 'Time Interview' or 'Interview of the Week' or something."
The State Department said Thursday that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was not telling the truth when he asserted that he has halted support for international terrorist activities.
A Societe Generale official said the bank exercised an option obtained from the Pollet family, which founded Redoute.
Between 500 and 800 Soviet Interior Ministry troops are deployed in the Gagauz area, but none in the Dniester region.
Baring collapsed in 1890 as the result of loans to sovereign states, especially Argentina.
'Given the pressure on sales and margins, it will be difficult for us to return to break-even,' he said. Snecma has suffered from depressed demand in 1992.
Murray said that High Voltage, which "is already highly leveraged," was proposing to finance the offer through a newly created subsidiary with less than $10 million of its own funds.
Several rockets are at each site, ready to go, he said.
But Piedmont and USAir provided performance records for thousands of their flights out of Boston and some other cities.
I think the company is going to get some things, but they're not going to get everything they're looking for." In the first nine months, USAir's net loss widened to $306.9 million from $233.4 million a year earlier.
It added that the board and management were positive that it would be acquired by Gjensidige.
Baldizon crossed the border from Nicaragua to Honduras in July 1985 and began making allegations of Sandinista atrocities and drug trafficking.
Sanguinetti also said that as the number of operational nuclear plants increases, along with their efficiency, demand for uranium will increase.
She always had something to say, and cut right through the diplomatic parlance, the big words and the hazy evasions.
He gives detailed instructions for funeral arrangements, but returns to religious themes.
On other occasions, Ms. Lynn had Mrs. O'Boyle pin money to her clothes and wrap salt and coins in a handkerchief that belonged to her late husband.
His majesty was able to drink liquids today." Olav has reigned since 1957.
"Kalikow is willing to listen and negotiate," says Barry Lipton, president of the New York Newspaper Guild.
Kouchner spent 45 minutes with acting Premier Salim Hoss, who heads a Moslem cabinet that has competed with a Christian government led by Aoun since a political crisis began in September.
The first and most important is: which type of annuity to buy? Ideally, one wants the maximum starting pension, where the real value keeps pace with inflation.
One was from a 17-inch valve in a pipe that carries fuel from the tank to the engines; the other was in ground equipment, Malone said.
As children, both had emigrated from Italy with their parents who came here to work in the textile mills.
The council oversees and regulates the election process.
Western governments and international human rights organizations condemned the violence of the miners.
Profit for the full fiscal year, he said, was "considerably below" last year's $3.7 million, or 43 cents a share.
Police have said analysis of the uranium seized earlier showed it was refined natural uranium of 70.7 percent purity.
Ohashi has denied this.
Government officials say the seal population of 1.2 million on the cosat must be reduced because the animals were depleting fish stocks.
And we're continuing our talks with educators in southwest Kansas so perhaps we can help them find other alternatives.
"The criminal acts and the acts of abuse of power, breach of public trust, neglect of duty and obstruction of justice demand that Gov. Mecham be removed from office," they said.
'We'd rather come in the winter, when we don't have to queue to get on the rides.' Werner Muller, an engineer from Hamburg visiting with his six-year-old twins, agreed.
Mr. Mitchell directs budget and tax policy at Citizens for a Sound Economy.
In Mexico, the turtle was believed to be an aphrodisiac.
Vice President Dan Quayle spoke by telephone with Endara's vice presidents, Billy Ford and Ricardo Arias Calderon, and administration officials also said privately he might visit Panama next month in a gesture that would dramatize administration support.
The new status will allow trimetrexate to be used by many more than the 300 patients currently receiving it.
But Sanofi has spent a decade looking for a company to acquire in the U.S., where only three of its major drugs are sold.
Rosilyn Marr, 43, Dallas, smoke inhalation.
In 1987, Coniston reaped about $460 million when Allegis bought back shares after agreeing to sell its Westin and Hilton International hotel chains and Hertz car rental business.
The replacement of one-third of the Central Committee is the maximum permitted by the party statute, except at a party congress. The party presidium has 23 members.
That seems too bold.
He praised his predecessor's moves to investigate the submarine collision and said his main goal was implementing measures to prevent accidents.
They were joined by pilots and flight attendants, virtually grounding the airline and forcing it to seek bankruptcy protection five days later.
Government and industry officials say the union is wrong.
He is attending annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in West Berlin.
He had a Polish captain's uniform made to mark the anniversary of Poland's entry into the Second World War, even though he was not entitled to wear it.
After the announcement yesterday, Digital shares gained $1.25 to close at $89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Analysts weren't surprised that the stock rally fizzled. With the end of the year rapidly approaching, too many crosscurrents are at work in the stock market for prices to move steadily in any direction, the analysts said.
Likely voters, by 54% to 32%, said they preferred having the White House and Congress controlled by different parties.
That and a 18-5 rebounding edge contributed to a 31-20 Detroit lead.
'The owners ought to instruct their trainers not to enter their horses for a particular Monday.
Meanwhile New Jersey Senator Bill Bradley wants to save cranberry research at Rutgers University from any such presidential scythe.
A Nicaraguan Defense Ministry spokesman denied that troops were sowing mines in Honduras, the Post reported.
The bid fell short, and the company last month agreed to JMB Realty's $920 million, or $49-a-share, offer.
Continental Airlines can't use bankruptcy laws to avoid paying $58 million that it owes on aircraft leases, a federal district judge ruled, reversing a bankruptcy judge's decision.
The other Turkey Point reactor, Unit 4, is down for routine refueling and is projected to go back on line in mid- to late April, she said.
Walsh said the vague nature of North's filing was tantamount to the so-called "gray-mail" that the law was intended to prevent.
He was first approached a year ago.
In the dark, maybe, but not in the rain.
The truth is that, in constant dollars, foreign-assistance requests increased less than 2% a year since 1980.
The deal ran along the lines of an agreement between Macy and Federated last month which gave Macy the right to buy Bullock's and Magnin if the two companies' merger agreement fell through.
"We have to bring art and culture alive for baby boomers," he says.
No specific compensation amounts were demanded in court, but U.S. sources have claimed privately that American damages in the case were more than $6 million.
Opponents favor a House-approved proposal to let the courts decide whether federally subsidized art works are obscene.
Attorney General Edwin Meese III called it "the largest international drug case ever developed by the Department of Justice."
Whereas stockholders have the option to sell their shares to a new management, thereby avoiding future risks, bondholders have no such rights.
The project has no government support, and Eurotunnel has said it doesn't expect to pay dividends for years.
Friday, June 26: Today, Lafeyette refuses to play basketball with some children his own age.
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Mr. Cyker said he has 379,628 common shares, including options to purchase 300,000 within the next 60 days.
But he said he did have experience in Massachusetts getting labor, management and government working together.
The White House on Thursday expressed support for the combined humanitarian and military aid, which would last through next March.
"We are very much in favor of a trans-Atlantic partnership," says Klaus Rupf, director of information technology in Bonn's Ministry of Research and Technology.
Despite these changes, state and city officials here note, holes in the safety net still abound.
But he acknowledged the organization was undergoing a management shake-up.
The idea is to offer more nutritious fare with less cholesterol and salt.
The stock market was mixed in late trading today, after seesawing gently through much of the trading session.
The agreement, if finalized, would represent a significant capital boost for the agricultural biotechnology company. Since going public in 1987, costs associated with research and development outstripped revenue.
She's now in her third term as prime minister.
The non-refundable tickets require a Saturday night stay and round-trip purchase.
Sen. Dole, also in New Hampshire, was making an effort throughout the day to play down the dispute, and even before Mr. Bush's comments was saying the two men should put the dispute behind them.
The Canadian Forces said it was complying with the Defense Ministry's request.
Kenya banned a British-Kenyan production of a play based on the George Orwell novel "Animal Farm."
The non-callable notes were priced at 175 basis points over the Treasury's 10-year note.
Several economists attributed the jump partly to recent declines in interest rates and predicted that single-family starts would show moderate growth in coming months.
"If there was progress, they could've leaked it out," a dealer said.
Signals from South Africa are confounding the platinum market, which relies on the racially divided nation for more than three-fourths of its supply.
The nation's high temperature Friday was 84 degrees in West Kendall, Fla.
The Swiss Disaster Relief Corps offered to send rescue experts and search dogs to help locate earthquake victims, a spokesman said.
Commonwealth Edison serves three million customers in northern Illinois; the spokesman said the problem at the plant isn't expected to have any significant financial impact on the company.
I just ignored it.
Robert Blattner, a spokesman at TWA headquarters in St. Louis, identified the would-be hijacker as Felix Sanchez Rodriguez, 26, who left Cuba during the 1980 Mariel boatlift.
Since then, Mr Jan Timmer, Philips' chairman, has trimmed bureaucracy, axed loss-making activities and tried to speed decision-making.
After years of substantial trade deficits, Korea scored its first annual trade surplus in 1986, amounting to $3.1 billion.
His 100%-owned Fininvest S.p.A. has consolidated annual sales of close to $10 billion, and reported a profit of $152 million in 1988.
Steptoe had sought to force the reporters to testify about their conversations with Butner, who Henry said is bound by judicial ethics to refrain from commenting on court matters.
In addition, cable-TV executives said the transaction being discussed would also establish a new entertainment network on cable that the two companies would operate jointly.
Another 4m tonnes will go to National Power if the generator wins consent to burn orimulsion at its Pembroke station in Dyfed, Wales. BP Bitor expected sales to reach 7m to 10m tonnes by the end of the century.
While her husband was flying Navy planes during World War II, Bonnie Sparks bought a handicraft kit for a leather purse to help pass lonely hours in their New York City apartment.
'I have never felt this good in my memory.
Transnational strategy, in other words, is not an easy strategy.
It's easy to understand Kodak's concern.
Richard Mariucci, 30 years old, was picked up near his home Tuesday as he was preparing to withdraw funds from several brokerage accounts allegedly set up with stolen money, a Federal Bureau of Investigation spokesman said.
He said in the notes that he received information from the Secret Service, which is part of the Treasury Department, and relayed it to other members of the Cabinet gathered in the White House Situation Room.
Against the background of his belief that he had two years from the winding up to make his application, sufficient explanation for the delay had been given. With regard to the inaccuracies, this was public interest litigation.
The Southwest basked in the lower 80s Sunday.
In the author's iconoclastic view, the years 1992-2020 will see per capita real income in the U.S. grow at an annual average rate of at least 2.5%, but probably closer to 3%, up from an average of 2% between 1950 and 1986.
The airline has forecast losses as high as 550 billion lire this year if no state aid is received, sharply up from the estimated 1990 loss of about 100 billion lire.
Ruderman admitted on Thursday making $15,000 between January 1986 and last July in securities trades, using not-yet-published information from upcoming issues of the nation's biggest business weekly.
At one time it also was one of the north's most beautiful communities, nestled in the shadows of 7,500-foot peaks and bisected by the rippling Santa Catarina River.
Noriega or one picked by ousted President Delvalle.
Shortly after taking office, Bush imposed a temporary moratorium on drilling in environmentally sensitive areas off the Florida and California coasts.
That was much lower than expected, triggering worries about inflation and interest rates.
Drug traffickers are attacking party members in revenge for attempts by leftist guerrillas to kidnap and ransom traffickers and their families, the attorney general's office has said.
A high number rattles stocks, bonds and the dollar because it indicates that U.S. manufacturers are losing the battle against imports.
It is much harder to manage where work is less well defined.
The pipeline project collapsed shortly thereafter for lack of an insurance package.
Vanunu was convicted of treason and espionage in December 1988 and sentenced to 18 years in prison.
GAF made a hostile bid for the chemical concern in 1985 that, while ultimately unsuccessful, forced Union Carbide into a major restructuring.
Corona's sales increased a whopping 84% last year, but they fell 7% through June.
Woody Loveland, who was the Coast Guard's chief marine safety officer in San Diego when the Valdez was built.
The report, issued nearly three weeks ago, indicated only slight increases in U.S. corn and soybean acreage.
One industry official who has analyzed the financing said it is structured so that the company "can survive without selling assets."
Economist David Wyss of DRI-McGraw Hill Inc., a Lexington, Mass., forecasting firm, said fourth-quarter profits also will be depressed by a strike at the Boeing Co. and from insurance losses attributable to the San Francisco earthquake.
"The camp element is something out of the ordinary, this big man playing a sexy woman." Besides film roles, Milstead also used the Divine persona in a nightclub act.
Vanguard did recently begin fiddling with one of its corporate bond funds by decreasing the average quality of the bonds in the portfolio from double-A (the highest quality) to single-A, which pay higher rates.
Public confidence in the probity of Conservatives will not be restored unless Mr Major demonstrates that he regards the establishment of clean government as an overriding medium-term priority.
The court's decision reverses 1st District Court Magistrate Peter Hutchinson's decision to close a hearing for Joshua Frazier, who was accused of murder.
Four other youths face trial later.
Coniston, a partnership that was instrumental in the breakup of Allegis Corp., also indicated Thursday it might seek representation on Gillette's board of directors if the company did not take sufficient steps to boost its stock price.
Are any of those partnerships in a negative cash-flow situation?
The other was the plan for a $35 million high school and regional athletic center.
And while we might prefer dealing with Gorbachev and our interests may best be served if he remains the Soviet leader, we can't bank solely on him.
Brae Corp. said its auditor will issue a qualified opinion on the company's financial statement for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, because of concern over obligations associated with the company's troubled electric sign subsidiary.
Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney announced late Friday his country will contribute two destroyers and a supply ship to the multinational force.
Philip Foster said Tuesday.
Attorney General Dick Thornburgh summoned the top federal prosecutors to the meeting at the Justice Department, said spokesman Dan Eramian.
Robles said the conspirators leaked a series of possible dates to confuse Marcos' supporters and force them into a series of security alerts.
Three years ago, 19% of those questioned said they had eaten them; this year, 23% had.
Above all, there is no costed programme or even a list of costed options of the kind that is standard, for instance, in the work of the Institute for Fiscal Studies. This is a great wasted opportunity.
His term expires in March 1991.
Yazov said he believed Carlucci's program will include a look at the Blackjack bomber "among other military hardware." The Moscow meetings will be the third session between the defense chiefs of the superpowers.
Analysts added that Mr. Holmes a Court came out of the fight with the assets he most wanted.
"Each (booklet) is like a little heat-seeking missile," Mr. Whittle says.
Nolte, whose credits include "Down and Out in Beverly Hills," filmed "Weeds" in Wilmington in 1986.
An ABC spokeswoman declined to comment.
Seabrook is completed but its startup has been delayed by opposition from nearby Massachusetts towns, which have refused to cooperate in evacuation planning for the plant.
But analysts are worried that the current quarter won't show such strong gains.
Mr. Yeltsin talks a lot about democracy and market economics.
"That's more or less about right.
When asked if success would infringe on his daily surfing, he said, "No way.
The photofinishing system consists of a high-resolution film scanner made by Kodak, a computer work station and image processing software, a Philips-made discwriter and Kodak thermal printer.
By effectively tapping into the US domestic market, the two European airlines can help secure lucrative business traffic which is so critical to profitability.
Mazowiecki told a news conference that "Polish-Soviet relations are at their most crucial moment." He said there are many problems, but one of the biggest is economic collaboration.
The belief that knowledge empowers people and nations is the foundation upon which we must build our commitment to education.
Of the 28 motels and hotels it currently manages, Amerihost has built 15, and the company owns equity positions in 18. Amerihost receives an ownership stake of between 5% and 45% in each property, along with a percentage of gross sales for its services.
Apart from that, it is business as usual. However, with European elections due in June and local ones in October, the opposition is not going to let the matter drop.
Elsewhere, showers and thunderstorms were scattered over southern Texas, southeastern Louisiana, southern Georgia, eastern sections of the Atlantic Coast states and sections of Kentucky.
Paul had been under indictment in the United States on drug charges.
With Lagerfeld at the helm, the world's most copied house is stil keeping a jump ahead of the rip-off artists.
They also were accused of manipulating the stock price of Memory Metals and another over-the-counter company, Memory Protection Devices Inc., in late 1986 and early 1987.
A group opposed to nuclear testing demonstrated Saturday to mark the anniversary of the first nuclear test here in 1951 and 38 protesters were arrested for trespassing, officials said.
It is real work to construct a historical narrative, even when the history is your own.
"I therefore think it is to the benefit of our common cause that I have now Mr. Eliasson as my special representative," he said. "We are going to work together very closely.
The U.S. unit fell back slightly against the mark late in the session as dealers in Chicago's International Money Market covered short positions ahead of the weekend.
Among the day's gainers, Marquest Medical rose 2 to 12 after Cooper Cos. disclosed in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing that it is interested in acquiring the company, possibly in a transaction valued at more than $15 a share.
If the link-up does bring Titmuss more global work, then other City firms could also start to dust off their own transatlantic merger plans.
It was a Maryland-oriented campaign that used Maryland people to organize Maryland," said John Willis, vice chairman of the Maryland Democratic Party.
The French doctors worked with American colleagues from Physicians for Human Rights, with Georgian doctors and with representatives from the Georgian Health Ministry, according to the statement.
Rep. Bill Nichols, D-Ala., who had led the congressional investigation into high-priced Pentagon spare parts, suffered a heart attack at his desk today and was pronounced dead a short time later.
The cuisine is continental, but menu choices do not seem to vary regardless of whether German, French or Americans predominate the passenger list.
Citizens, which has $2.9 billion in assets, will become the American flagship of the Scottish bank. The combined companies will operate in several countries with assets of $38.7 billion.
It remains only to assemble those elements into a cohesive system," he said.
Mrs. Edralin-Marcos was hospitalized Sunday with pneumonia, diabetes and kidney failure.
The following table shows the weekly lower and upper limits implied by the Fed's tentative 1987 target range for M1.
South Carolina today banned shellfish harvesting and warned against swimming in the ocean and rivers, saying Hurricane Hugo had left waters choked with sewage.
Direct Line's information and management systems have helped it cut costs over its rivals.
Under terms of the multiyear agreement, MCI will transmit all of United Airlines' internal voice traffic through MCI's Vnet private network service.
Mr. Maxwell has said frequently he wants Maxwell Communication's revenue to at least triple by 1990, from about #1 billion this year.
Later, "we might not even exist" to be able to sell the building, the spokeswoman added.
Navcom Defense Electronics Inc. received a $67.1 million Air Force contract for a radar altimeter system.
It was small, only 6 lb, but fresh from the sea and lovely to behold.
The latter two said the scope of their investigations was limited by the rulings from local authorities, The State reported.
The prime minister was elected to a five-year term in December 1984, two months after his mother and predecessor, Indira Gandhi, was assassinated by two of her Sikh bodyguards.
If the previous year's figure was adjusted to remove results from the hospitals that were sold, the company said, second-quarter sales would have totaled $611.3 million.
Both musicians were hustled by their lawyers from the courtroom and would not comment.
Before the confrontation in Podujevo, demonstrators marched through the town chanting "We Want Freedom" and "Azem!
The company said it expects those losses to narrow as a result of the planned layoffs, discontinued operations, post-Gulf war travel, and lower fuel prices.
The city was otherwise quiet as rains fell.
Five other victims were transferred to Hussein Medical Center for further treatment.
It was in this atmosphere that Mai Nap began serializing the hitherto unpublished memoirs of the late Zoltan Vas, a senior party official.
As for her sudden rash of losing things, she said, "I'm going to carry my purse around my neck." One of the first stops a man made on his recovery from drug addiction was a church _ to return a Nativity scene he stole three years ago.
The film's Korean title is "Mayumi," the false name used by the woman.
Not all of Japan's investors are down on U.S. bonds.
Coupled with last week's steps to cap the currency's ascent, traders and economists now believe the banks' so-called band of tolerance is a very wide 1.60-1.90 marks and 120-140 yen.
To quell the "state of crisis" among blacks Kerner proposed a national policy of "ghetto enrichment" to bring poor blacks into the mainstream of American life.
But the female fitness craze has arrived, and among gulf women it is just beginning to hit its stride.
The acclaimed drama that chronicles nurses and doctors attending to war has been set in the 1960s since its debut two years ago.
Columbia is developing remakes of such classics as "Mr.
Police Chief Daryl Gates vowed Saturday to deploy 1,000 officers on gang-ridden south-central streets to keep Easter churchgoers safe after a drive-by shooting in which one man died and 12 others were wounded.
"Customs has been doing a lot of investigating into trans-shipments from China in the last year," said Mr. Priestland, whose organization comprises some 400 U.S. apparel makers.
He rises quickly to the top, following the worn Hollywood principle that innocents must always prove themselves wiser than world-weary cynics.
A health center treated the victims of the attack Friday for nausea, dizziness, swelling and pain, but none became seriously ill, the newspaper Barricada said.
As a result, the number of people seeking help for crack habits has risen sharply.
The company said it "will continue to maintain these operations as ongoing operations" until it can find a buyer.
She said the company has been studying various designs for several years, but the decision to change was spurred partly by the success of the company's "Cool Cans" last summer.
The rest is burnt as fuel.
"At first we were all devastated," Rogers said. "It goes without saying.
To do this, some of the dolls' clothes are being made across the border in the Czech Republic.
Former U.S. Rep. Pat Swindall was sentenced to one year in prison today for lying to a federal grand jury about a loan he negotiated with an undercover agent posing as a drug-money launderer.
The Americans _ five from MIT and one from California Institute of Technology _ were in the Soviet Union to help set up an exchange program with the Soviet aerospace institute.
Ms. Givens, of Los Angeles, alleges that since the article's publication, she has been the target of public ridicule.
The station said news staffers attended an illegal pit bull fight but defended the action as "legitimate news-gathering activities" and denied the fight was staged for its cameras.
The inadequacy of medical services has created a situation where Gazans "are completely dependent on the decisions of the military government," the doctors said.
On Monday, Hewlett-Packard said it had formed a partnership with Telecom Australia.
The Democratic Party will have three leaders who served as the heads of the merging parties.
It will be taken into account if the good of the national and the state requires this," the Democratic Party said in a statement carried on the official PAP news agency.
The campaign against bourgeois liberalization seems to have affected ordinary Chinese not at all.
Scientists have already seen oil-covered and apparently lethargic seals, three dead penguins and disappearances of young nesting birds, DeLaca said.
Lewis recently completed a three-week stint in Las Vegas and headlined two large concerts in California and Colorado.
Some of the plans would ban advertising, one would limit ads to text only, with no logos or photographs, and another would give states the power to limit cigarette billboards.
President Roh Tae-woo on Wednesday appealed for a spirit of negotiation after elections in which his party lost its legislative majority to a divided opposition.
"I can't wait for the debates _ Dukakis vs. Bentsen.
And it's legal." Roberts, music supervisor for the "Matlock" television series, planned to drive the 1968 Javelin he drove in the Trans-Am series in 1969 and 1970.
The biggest negative factor was a drop in plant and equipment orders, which primarily reflected a drop in aircraft orders during the month.
In a separate action last week, the World Bank cleared a $70 million loan to Hungary for the modernization of agricultural processing facilities that account for a substantial portion of the country's exports and convertible currency earnings.
Several other dissidents have also been released recently.
No one at the club has one any more.
The story of 27-year-old Jose Alvarez is familiar in these parts of high unemployment, low wages and wide poverty.
Our object is peace and we will be talking to the PLO as to others in an effort to move things along toward that objective.
VR Business, a franchiser of business brokerage firms, currently has about 3.4 million common shares and 7,260 shares of 10% cumulative preferred shares outstanding.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Washington Water Power closed at $23, unchanged, in a generally sharply lower stock market.
Both are classed as "nucleoside analogues," or false building blocks of DNA that insert themselves into the virus and interrupt its replication.
The other is Texas Instruments Inc. of Dallas.
Modern art valued at more than $60 million, including a classic "drip" painting by Jackson Pollock, has been donated to the Museum of Contemporary Art.
In addition, right-wing death squads and leftist guerrillas have been active in the city.
The new government has no bureaucracy to execute its orders and no people to govern. The foyer of the Meridien hotel, where half the new cabinet has taken up residence, is barricaded with sandbags.
This month the EC commission scaled back its ambitions, hoping that countries will at least come to "mutual recognition" of tax policies of other members.
A drama about an upper-middle-class wife and a homeless woman directed by Claudia Weill, this is not the usual treacle we have come, unfortunately, to expect of TV movies on the subject of the homeless.
In the only specific response he gave on the abortion issue, he said that if the 1973 decision were overruled by the Supreme Court, state legislatures would pass a variety of different abortion laws.
Each development proposal is rated according to aesthetics and impact on public services.
At least 22 insurance companies still have life insurance policies in effect that charge blacks higher premiums than whites, but most companies responding to a survey stopped the practice years ago.
THE IRS STILL HOPES to settle controversial audits of small pension plans.
Handy & Harman, a precious-metals refiner and metal-products maker, reported second-quarter earnings rose 37%, partly because of its realignment of its automotive group.
"But, you know, I really am." But Mr. Jackson knows that the school's success will be judged by how students behave outside the classroom.
Baseball is much more of an individual's game than football, so the exploits of its heroes are more discernible and, thus, writeable.
The three men, whose last names were withheld, had tried unsuccessfully for years to dry out in state-run facilities for alcoholics, he added.
Anybody ready for another great actor?
Past and future face each other across the Huangpu, and the former has much to say to the latter. Shanghai's first commercial boom was brought to an end with the communist take-over.
They will back up the 10,000 American soldiers already in Panama.
Connecticut and Wyoming got the best grades in a state-by-state report card of educational performance released today by a parents group.
The long-term danger, in fact, worries Mideast experts more than the gunboat diplomacy capturing current headlines.
The second tape commenced at 10.46 and concluded at 11.01. Side confirmed that he had dealt in Olde Humbug's shares as identified by the surveillance department.
She started making demos with the help of friends she met in the rap industry and finally scored with "Princess of the Posse," which was shown on "Yo!
The head of the Iraqi-American Foundation, Salim Mansour, leads a delegation that met with Saddam on Sunday night.
Prices jumped after the British government said growth in the money supply and in bank lending slowed significantly in August, calming inflationary fears.
The National Football League is considering appealing the ruling stemming from the U.S. Football League's largely unsuccessful antitrust suit against the NFL.
Paul Hanley, a fleet spokesman, and Capt.
The communists' best chance for a Senate seat was Henryk Stoklosa, the wealthy owner of a fertilizer company in western Pila province who waged Poland's most expensive election campaign.
He remembers summers riding wild horses and swimming with them in clear, icy waters.
But in 1985, thousands of Sudanese danced in the streets after demonstrations against high prices, Islamic law and Nimeiri's iron-fisted security policies led to the coup.
Lease with an option to buy.
Proceeds will be used to pay debt and for general purposes, which may include acquisitions.
He picked up a national weather chart and pointed toward the Pacific.
It is true today.
Guskova was quoted as saying 11 of 13 people who received bone marrow transplants died.
His confidence was based almost entirely on the latest quarterly survey of industrial trends from the Confederation of British Industry (CBI).
He talks of beatings and of months blindfolded in solitary confinement for twice trying to escape.
Mathias, who retired from the Senate last year, was considered one of the most liberal Republicans during his 18 years as a senator.
A group of Senate Democrats proposed a legislative package to toughen criminal penalties for insider trading, improve reporting of stock acquisitions and curb certain takeover abuses.
French and Belgian governments, as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross, have been seeking their release.
Last month, Mr. Weicker won the backing of two Republicans, former gubernatorial candidate Joseph McGee and state Rep. Mae Schmidle, and of a prominent black Democrat from New Haven, state Rep. Walter Brooks.
"No more," Bush said. "Today begins a new chapter in the history of your nation.
It has other manufacturing plants in Virginia and North Carolina.
In Dallas, on-the-street drug trafficking today is not as blatant as in past years when dealers were "standing on the streets waving down customers," said Capt.
A U.S. Navy captain said today he would have rescued Vietnamese boat people his ship found in the South China Sea if he had been correctly informed of their desperate plight.
Mrs. Cottam wept quietly throughout the opening arguments, while her husband, a former minister in the Seventh-day Adventist Church, sat stoically beside her.
In this year's attempt to prop up the yen, major central banks "weren't doing it jointly," Mr. Williamson says.
High hopes of the benefits of Mr Sherlock's rationalisation blueprint, that accompanied the rights, have been dashed, and his departure raised further concerns over NFC's strategic direction.
But he and others noted that the pound has been attractive only for the high U.K. interest rates that the government has used against inflation. Overall, the country is besieged by high inflation and unemployment and by low productivity, he said.
The draft statute also states that official reserves of the national central banks would be transferred to the European Central Bank.
By the end of the 1980s it was involved in a number of activities including publishing and campaigning. It was hit by the resignations of two chief executives in quick succession and government cuts in funding for employment training schemes.
"It's a wonderful place to see people because you can see the expressions on their faces," Conly said.
It also was the first serious political setback for Roh since he took office on Feb. 25 with a narrow victory in December's presidential elections.
Matrix had been rescued from a 'horrific situation' in late 1990, caused by the Iraqi involvement.
People familiar with the talks said the agreement to be announced today involves fresh bids for Perrier and Exor.
The president says the best way to defeat the rebels is by raising Peruvians' living standards and promoting economic development.
The danger is that his current economic advisers might substitute Japan-bashing protectionism for intellectual rigour. Yet what the US needs is co-operation with Japan, not confrontation.
"The whole thing fed on itself," said Mr. Gibbs. "The more it was promoted by the professionals up north, the more fishermen became interested in walleye fishing.
Late in 1984 Congress set aside $14 million but did not release it, and banned support for paramilitary operations in Nicaragua without congressional approval.
That reflected a higher level of concern about garbage collection than for providing affordable housing or expanding police and fire protection, said Allen Moore, president of the trade group that represents waste disposal industry.
"I just think he's the best thing going," said Hanson, clad in a black leather miniskirt.
There was little encouragement offered despite the clear law.
It carries no ammunition and its guns cannot be fired, the newly appointed captain says.
They expect hard work from their children, but they don't saddle them with household chores or afterschool jobs.
Second on the most active list, National Medical Enterprises shares gained 1 1/2 to 17 5/8.
"It is as if they are all in a big stage play, wearing masks and playing roles," says the historian.
At the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal, she earned the first perfect score ever given to a gymnast.
Analysts had been expecting 1988 earnings in the neighborhood of $355 million to $370 million.
"We believed that the NRC resident inspection program has played a significant role in improving industry safety performance and that the expansion of the program is necessary to achieve further improvements," Zech said.
But Rep. Ronald D. Coleman, D-Fla., said the program properly did not gloss over problems within Mexico's law-enforcement establishment.
The project fell 18 months behind schedule and, overall, was running at about twice its original cost estimate, NASA said.
Lower interest rates alone will not compensate for job insecurity and the realisation that, come what may, personal incomes are unlikely to rise much over the next few years.
Tonight would be 'a modernised Evening News' aimed at the middle market.
On Tuesday, Industry and Commerce Minister Jose Hugo Castello Branco fired the previous board of Cosipa, which is Brazil's third-largest steelmaker and which the government expects will post a loss of $276.5 million this year.
An Agriculture Department report says there's a good reason why farmers in the European Community take to the streets when their subsidies are threatened: the protests have usually worked.
Many Nicaraguans and diplomats watch all this with a mixture of annoyance and resignation.
General Dynamics Corp. was given a $27.4 million Army contract for M-60 tank improvements for Saudi Arabia.
The popularity of Mr Morihiro Hosokawa's cabinet continues to defy economic gravity, according to a poll published yesterday. A survey of 2,149 people by the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper gave the cabinet 73.5 per cent support.
Some farmers already are considering alternatives if 1989 is dry.
The European discussions of a new corporate structure for air traffic control, combined with the success of the British, New Zealand and Swiss restructurings, suggests that something similar could now be done in this country.
It traded at 1.5340 marks late in New York, down from 1.5420 late Wednesday.
A second trip in October secured Soviet acceptance in principle for the exhibition, and the final arrangements were hammered out at a meeting last month.
The memo dealt with a financial option pertaining to possible U.S. backing for the financial and security guarantees for the pipeline, according to the report.
In addition, withholding payments apparently were higher than expected.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Scan-Tron closed at $9.75 a share, up 25 cents.
For instance, cash outperformed stocks over a period of more than two decades, from October 1961 to July 1982, according to Ibbotson Associates, an institutional research firm.
A Methodist lay-preacher and teetotaler, Lange spurned the trappings of official life by not moving into the official Wellington residence of Vogel House.
Nevertheless, Cesaro, in an interview prior to his death two years ago, contended that "in our experiments we did some remarkable things.
The heat vaporized the glycerin and nicotine in the dried tobacco as well as the flavorings.
And in his decision, Judge Dwyer said that while painful, much of the economic dislocation from logging curbs was inevitable because of changes in timber practices and markets unrelated to owls.
Bank South officials would say only that Mr. Guyton, who is 54 years old and had been with the company 10 years, had decided to move on.
We're here to make money," Telefonica president Candido Velasquez told the newspaper La Nacion.
Ed Levites of Hingham saw an opportunity to profit from economic gloom.
On Jan. 15, evacuation drills are scheduled in the capital, Baghdad.
Yields on closely watched, three-month Eurodeposits were 9.125% for sterling investments, in contrast to 3.375% for mark instruments and 6.75% for dollar investments.
The U.S. said the withdrawing Red Army is leaving behind as many as 30 million mines, and that the explosives could delay refugee resettlement.
Corporate America continues to want the biggest law firm despite the necessity of billing in the fashion represented in the article.
His conclusion was delivered in a letter Thursday to FAA administrator T. Allan McArtor.
"He killed one of them because he used cocaine," said Juan Benitez Ayala, head of the Mexican Federal Judicial Police in Matamoros.
The gap is widening rather than narrowing.
At the height of its success, about 1,500 students were enrolled in 1967; last year, that figure had dipped to 300.
Every customer inquiry, including every complaint, has to be settled by telephone within 24 hours (the standard of a well-run mutual-funds firm).
Bus stops, railway stations, and taxi stands were unusually empty.
The government already has announced the capital structure of British Steel on flotation.
Becoming overwrought over such issues as where people sit or the color of the napkins is usually a cover for other emotional issues.
Utah's Bangerter, stigmatized by a record $166 million tax increase, battled back from a 30-point deficit in the polls and reached Election Day in a tight race against Democrat Ted Wilson, former mayor of Salt Lake City.
Price-increase notices began spreading through the newsprint industry late last summer, but U.S. newspaper executives resisted because demand has been falling this year as retail and financial advertising has softened.
West German officials say NATO nations are starting to line up against the U.S. and British views in a major disarmament dispute within the Western alliance.
In other commodity markets yesterday: ENERGY: U.S. crude-oil futures rallied late yesterday on a slice of bullish news from the big Vienna meeting between Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries members and several non-OPEC producers.
For a city so dependent on outsiders, even Venetians catering to tourists seem to have had their fill and hope Venice is kept out of the plans.
Lisa Speer, an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council in New York, said, "A delay would have been a bold stroke before the Exxon Valdez.
Cattle futures gained while pork futures fell in early trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Chinese Premier Li Peng indicated Friday that Beijing expects Mongolia to do what it can to keep that from happening.
"I was very pleased.
At least 288 people have died in Hindu-Moslem clashes in several Indian cities in the flareup of clashes over the past nine days, authorities report.
During a visit to Paris in October for a human rights conference, Walesa had a long talk with Soviet human rights activist Andrei Sakharov, like himself a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
The group also predicted that the dollar would drop some over the next two years, reaching 120 yen and 1.68 marks by the end of 1990.
But for now, BMC is riding high.
Traders viewed the markets' decline early in the morning as a continuation of Tuesday's dip, which followed a dramatic surge in prices on Monday.
Strangled with cord, found in the house.
The losers lost because the dollar meant higher rates and that was a negative for them."
The dispute involved Bristol-Myers's patent for cefadroxil, an antibiotic that Moleculon's subsidiary, Kalipharma Inc., had marketed.
And now Kiszczak, a Jaruzelski loyalist with his own base in the army and defense ministries, has become head of government.
Blue Arrow plunged 163 pence to 918 pence on the news.
"On TV, there's not one show going after these acts," the Wolfman said. "This is the first show to come along and do this.
A spokesman for the Thanet District Council in Margate, 70 miles east of London, said an investigation was under way to determine the cause of the explosion.
Bolstering the recovery had to be the government's aim for next year. Mr Clarke told the BBC's Breakfast with Frost programme: 'It surprised everybody when we began to have recovery in the spring and summer of this year.
A Wells Fargo spokeswoman refused to comment on the bank's interest in First RepublicBank.
Never mind that many of the campaign's prime prospects may be cutting up their credit cards because they got wiped out in the stock market crash.
I'm going to read the names of a few people George Bush has nominated to join his Cabinet.
West Germany is shaping up as the country with the most to lose if and when Europe becomes a truly common market in 1992.
Last month Sir Malcolm Field, group managing director of the WH Smith retail chain, also called on manufacturers to reduce CD prices. Manufacturers' claims that they have already reduced some CD prices appear to be supported by the BPI figures.
He asserted "a case could be made" for deductions stemming from the party.
Indeed, opponents of the Three Gorges project were branded as "rightists" in political campaigns in those days.
The Bank's own index, stripped of indirect tax increases, is even lower, at around 2 per cent or less. Moreover inflation worriers should be reassured by recent evidence that the pace of home demand is moderating.
But the party makes specific overtures to a number of groups ranging from "Americans with disabilities" and Native Americans to Hawaiians and residents of Guam.
"I can't say that we won't in, say, five years," said Mr. Nicolaides.
A spokeswoman for the Tobacco Institute and a spokesman for the R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. did not answer phone calls made to numbers listed for their homes on Sunday afternoon.
Burger is not alone.
Sharp differences emerged today among Palestinians and Israelis over the plan Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak put forward to end the uprising in the occupied territories.
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9%, noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit.
Seisuke Okuno, chief of the National Land Agency, handed in his resignation late Friday afternoon, said officials in the governing Liberal Democratic Party.
"We can't afford to abandon the nation to the Likud," Mr. Peres said.
Ridley expressed a genuine popular concern which is shared by Mrs. Thatcher.
The FDA said it is working with state authorities and the U.S. Customs Service, Postal Service and the Federal Trade Commission to curb the proliferation of illegal versions of Retin-A.
The result is that single currency may take longer to realize than originally hoped, though leaders agreed that treaty should be completed by December.
"They're no longer in the back of the bus.
It was like when the Beatles came over and everyone grew their hair long and shook their heads.
For four years, they have been caught in a downward spiral of falling demand leaving them with excess capacity and lower profitability.
Defendants Raymond Levasseur and Richard Williams will not go free because they are serving 45-year sentences on convictions in a New York federal court on some of the bombings.
But they're only the start of Ford's marketing blitz for its new Escort.
The union, which walked out Friday over wage and job security issues, has asked for new talks but none are scheduled.
Since the Sierra Club has long been opposed to dams as a matter of principle and in favor of adding to national parks, it might be assumed that its members are cheering, but this is not the case.
Yet just such an unlikely army has lined up against the national curriculum and its associated system of national tests.
The Energy Department is urging aviation authorities to restrict flights over its military nuclear reactors to make them more secure against potential terrorist attack.
Along with the congressional debate, the fairness doctrine is being fought in the courts, too, where supporters are seeking to reverse the FCC's action.
The worry for the rest of us is that bank money diverted to Mr Smith would not be available to finance private sector recovery.
A spokeswoman for Sallie Mae yesterday reiterated a statement that the company "would not suffer any material loss" because of HEAF's problems.
One big advantage at the moment is the company's success in updating its range of models, including the new 3series, which accounts for 58% of BMW's sales.
Officials are investigating arson as the cause of a fire that charred 2,500 acres in the Stanislaus National Forest and forced 400 people to spend a night away from their homes.
But they no longer can make the Soviet Union distinctive since the same benefits are offered elsewhere.
Some responses may have added more than one person.
Others emphasized, however, that the overall number of junk bonds held by most investors remains only a tiny percentage of their portfolios.
In the latest development in the Deri case, a Tel Aviv court on Monday ordered the top aide to the minister, Zvi Yaakobson, held for a week on suspicion that he misappropriated government funds.
The more economic vitality you have the harder you are hit,' he says. Growth in both lending and deposits has slowed.
And the Reagan administration has yet to issue regulations for enforcing a provision of the newly signed trade act relating to such reviews.
Pannell Kerr Forster, a Los Angeles-based accounting firm, is about to begin a print campaign to attract employees of big merging firms.
On Thursday, CBS' "48 Hours" is taking at look at West Point, while ABC's Ted Koppel has afoot an unusual superpower game played by top Soviet and American officials, most of them now out of office.
In that role, he supervised the agency's 10 regional offices.
Very little of the Iran-bound weaponry actually goes through Britain, however, because most of the deals are handled through telexes with offshore dealers, who then ship directly or indirectly to the Mideast.
The purchase raises the groups' stake in the operator of furniture stores to about 33.9%.
GET TO THE SEX! The special actually reveals _ stop the presses _ how men's bodies are different than women's.
Two New York investment firms acted as "white squires" proposing to buy large stakes in Gillette Co. in an effort to help fend off a takeover attempt by Coniston Group, Gillette disclosed in court proceedings.
Hongkong Bank may be changing, but it retains many of the colonial trappings that echo British private-school and military life.
The Queen Mother was also there.
Fresh faces appear at the Rainbow Kitchen almost daily, among them a young couple back from a disillusioning job-hunting sojourn to the Sun Belt.
In those elections, the Jatiya Party won 152 seats in Parliament.
That became clear last week with the unveiling of Philip Morris Cos.'
Mr. Rollins says he no longer has the "illusion" that his music can influence things for the better.
However, brokers said that message also meant that policymakers saw no great cause for concern about an impending recession.
Federal banking regulators agreed in principle to pump $970 million into ailing First City Bancorp. of Texas, handing over management of the Houston banking company to a group led by former Chicago banker A. Robert Abboud.
The union also rejects Canada Post's demands to increase part-time staff and move employees to different locations.
Showers and thunderstorms also extended from southeast Louisiana across the Florida Panhandle and along the Florida coast.
The negotiations are being handled personally by Mr Martin Broughton, BAT's chief executive. ITC Classic, an ITC affiliate, has applied for a licence to start a banking business.
The News has a normal weekday circulation of 1.18 million.
"Procurement fraud is robbing the government of hundreds of millions of dollars a year, and in some instances costing peoples' lives," chief sponsor William J. Hughes, D-N.J., said following Tuesday's 419-0 vote.
TeleQuest Inc. said it expects a fourth-quarter loss because of lower-than-expected sales totaling about $9.5 million.
Non-survivors either hugged the vision to their chests: 'The global information systems strategy was my vision alone,' or complained about the lack of one: 'It was a very short-term sort of business.' Sensitivity.
Pakistan Radio broadcast appeals for missing people, and Prime Minister Mohammad Khan Junejo ordered the removal of dangerous ordnance from populated areas.
Hong Kong's screening policy may well be more dishonest than the push-back measures adopted by Thailand and Indonesia and threatened by Malaysia, but it is considerably more humane.
'The political situation does not allow it.
Uruguay's oldest newspaper, El Dia, published an edition of only eight pages Oct. 29 and told readers it is on the verge of collapse.
The drug companies have been fully cooperative in making the changes, he added.
"The 1990s unquestionably gives us our opportunity," said Mr. Kopper in a recent interview.
The patrolmen said the drug cartel's tactics had caused 300 police resignations in three months and recruiting was difficult.
As a result, many foreign companies are now considering direct investments in China to protect their current market share.
It has been campaigning for the clarification of electronic information transfers, regulations, and systems.
Eventually, the billions of dollars we sent to prop up a socialist experiment were insufficient to keep the economy from collapsing.
'So far the government's policy is essentially to pour money into inefficient public sector enterprises,' says a western economist.
U.S. oil futures prices ended generally lower after continued volatile trading amid concern that the flow of Soviet crude may be disrupted.
For the third straight month they rose 0.8 percent, a rate that if maintained would mean about 10 percent inflation this year in this one category.
In a 17-page memorandum, U.S. District Judge Lucius Bunton ruled that FBI agents requested a grand jury subpoena during an internal investigation of agent Bernardo Perez after he and other Hispanic agents sued the bureau.
He is regarded by colleagues as a whiz at handling franchised restaurants, which constitute more than 90% of Sonic's 960 drive-ins.
Tuesday's low for the Lower 48 states was zero at Gunnison, Colo.
Elsewhere, precedence isn't necessarily given to computer projects that would be of greatest benefit to the entire company.
But congressional lawmakers are still planning to propose a bill requiring federal employees who want reimbursement for trips to stay at hotels with sprinklers.
But there are occasional problems.
He said his wife Kathy was the only one who knew about his illiteracy.
Farm subsidy payments were down $2.3 billion thanks to higher commodity prices triggered by the summer drought.
Consequently, the three-year-old company has a long way to go to catch up with Microsoft, Lotus or Ashton-Tate Co., the three recognized leaders in the personal computer software industry.
She was nominated by President Reagan to succeed Judge Robert Bork, who resigned several months after he failed to win nomination to the Supreme Court.
Fay's also said it improved gross margins and lessened operating expenses.
I am looking for the All-Ordinaries to pick up 50 to 100 points," says Mr.Thomas.
The actions allegedly took place over the course of a decade, beginning in 1976.
The center also has a $6,000 scholarship fund that allows Indian students to come dig.
Austrian President Kurt Waldheim secured their release in a meeting with Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in Baghdad Saturday.
At the beginning of his official talks with Deng, Bush asked for a five-minute private meeting.
At the time of his death, he was vice president of the Harper Group, a San Francisco-based freight-forwarding company.
How did these three get into court in the first place to try to block a $1.5 billion launch?
No question," said Jeff Erdel, the publicist for the show.
Torchia's former boss, now-retired Capt.
Bush tells the driver to turn right.
It escalates into a deadly competition.
Second, the Europeans could get a better deal for the missiles from the Soviets than the U.S. could.
But he is uncomfortable if his views agree with the consensus.
It is aimed at killing legislation by Sen. Frank Lautenberg, D-N.J., expanding current airline smoking restrictions to all domestic flights.
Abrahamson, reported that at the meeting Mr. Weinberger urged the president to declare that the U.S. would begin deploying defenses in space as quickly as possible.
On Wednesday, the Sandinista government denied Honduran claims that its soldiers crossed into Honduras to attack a border post.
On a stop in Panama, the vice president Quayle will discuss the possibility of U.S. aid to repair the invasion-torn nation, said Quayle press secretary David Beckwith.
The Boeing proposal, they said, includes a combination of the 260-seat 767 for domestic and European routes and the 747 for expansion of Delta's routes across the Pacific, which eventually could include a direct Atlanta-Tokyo route.
Seventy-one percent characterized the relationship as cooperative and 68 percent said it was respectful.
La Plata County Airport Manager Ron Dent said the approach takes the plane over slightly rougher terrain but saves about 15 to 20 minutes per flight.
Polygraph is a trading company for five state-run East German factories, one of which is named Planeta and makes the equipment that is sold in the United States, Malachuk said.
It found the risk greatest for children because of the large amounts of apple products they consume.
The appointment was announced Dec. 6 by Wick Temple, vice president and director of newspaper membership.
In the same poll, they applaud changes in women's status and approve of married women working outside of the home.
Many observers believe a power struggle similar to that which has plagued Najib's party could break out among the guerrillas.
In the bars and stable yards at Badminton, this will be the main topic of conversation among the competitors. The final stage of any three-day event is the showjumping section.
Finley expects Europeans to generate 80 percent of the business at Flamingo Lodge at the southern tip of the Everglades in the mosquito-swarming months of July and August.
"I think it's harmful to the reform process," said Sergei Shakrai, a member of Mr. Yeltsin's cabinet.
"Trade and agriculture are two areas of contention where there could be some fireworks," the officials said.
The older ones will sometimes help the younger ones.
Under Reaganomics, the burden we are leaving to our grandchildren has not been mushrooming; it's been shrinking.
His countrymen, many of them, suffered from a bad case of isolationism.
He said no such review had been done for a quarter of a century.
Broad generalizations of this kind make many investors squirm. Any time people start believing grandiose claims about the supposed significance of what the market is doing, veterans of the game start to suspect that stocks are ripe for a fall.
Others were students heading for warmer climes over spring break.
"I have never been so concerned about our working relationship with professional aviators as I am now," Bernhard wrote.
It was the first time since the imposition of martial law in Poland in December 1981 that Walesa received permission to travel abroad.
Pastures were reported to be improving as a result of the widespread moisture.
OPEC members remained split over how much to reduce their oil output and how to share the cuts.
What they need is a change in the mix of funding away from short-term money in favour of medium-term or long-term debt. Fundamentally, SMEs need permanent capital for growth - that is, equity.
Arms purchas have contributed to a foreign debt of more than $63 billion, fourth largest in the world.
Her hair was dusky red, like a fire under control, but still dangerous.
Nor does it cover the entire portfolio.
In 1983, an Israeli commission which investigated the massacre of Palestinian refugees in Beirut called for the ouster of Defense Minister Ariel Sharon, accusing him of "blunders" that set the stage for the killings.
It wasn't like a regular punch, just an arm and a fist coming through the air.
But the child died Thursday night at North Broward Medical Center, and Ms. Hassan died there Friday morning.
Larry D. Hollis, an analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee, said improved industrial production later in the year should help machinery makers.
On Monday, the dollar fell to a low of 122.35 yen.
Chappell could not be reached for comment Tuesday night, but he told the newspaper he is not a target of the investigation and that he has conducted himself in an ethical manner.
"We aren't anticipating a big increase in industry sales," said David N. McCammon, Ford Motor Co.'s vice president for finance.
Shareholders could well be an obstacle to implementation of a plan they don't support.
Robert A. Elliott, VLI's chairman and chief executive officer, said that the patent expired because of an administrative oversight and that VLI's attorneys assured the company that it won't have any trouble getting the patent reinstated shortly.
Woodard, who discussed Bundy confessions at length with Washington state Attorney General Ken Eikenberry on Saturday night, said Bundy has failed to give investigators from either state much new information.
Since the farmland surrounding the centre is not encumbered by disputes over land ownership, the area has been the target of much speculation. A total of 143 industrial areas and business parks, covering 10m sq m have been planned.
Ladish was a division of the company's Aerospace and Strategic Materials Group, which is being sold as part of the company's restructuring.
Although the new strategy poses many risks, Sears has little choice.
General Motors Corp. said it will offer early retirement incentives, limit new hiring and reduce advertising spending in a sweeping cost-cutting plan tied to an industry slump.
If that bolt worked loose or somehow failed, simulator tests showed, the stabilizer would flip leading-edge-up, making the plane dive.
The case is still pending in New York state court.
In when-issued trading, the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78%.
Alleghany is a title insurance, banking, insurance and financial services business.
We're talking about days, if not hours, for the Noriega dictatorship."
In an interview with the newspaper Ta Nea on Monday, Environment Minister Costas Liaskas said $31 million had been allocated to drill for underground reserves near Athens.
Under a compromise reached Friday, the National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities would receive budgets in the 1990 fiscal year provided they implement new standards in giving grants.
While they rode the White House elevator to the East Room to meet the press, Johnson told Fortas that in a few minutes he would be announced as the nominee to the Supreme Court.
"They're a race apart and will never integrate," she said of the islanders. "They're frightfully clannish.
Its other planes are leased, a practice common with airlines.
Now, the only serious question about his seeking another term seems to be whether he will stay healthy.
But old habits die hard.
Istituto Bancario San Paolo di Torino, Italy's largest commercial bank, said it would sell 125 million ordinary shares for 12,200 lire ($9.76) each in an international initial public offering next Monday.
This price will reflect adversely on the fate of the hostages we hold," it said.
I can tell you by item the make-up of the Dollars 67bn of costs we have in North America.
Daffynition Plagiarism: phrase lift.
'A number of these investments may take a long time to pay off,' he says.
She's gone to heaven.
"I don't know anything about MiGs," says FAA inspector Richard Araujo plaintively.
Key portions of that pact were reached over the weekend as Brazil, Latin America's largest debtor nation, agreed to make a $700 million interest payment to make it current for all of 1988 and the last quarter of 1987.
Varig provided a list of 48 passengers and 6 crew members, all Brazilian, who were on the plane when it disappeared.
At least eight other companies plan to use Reflection Technology's monitor in products including a 5-by-3 portable computer and a patient monitor that doctors can wear in the operating room, Golden said.
His masterpiece, a rifle that was designed and built as one of a set of five for Safari Club International, brought $201,000 at auction in 1986.
Little said such standards are a matter of scientific controversy.
Shamir said no, and Yosef then used his spiritual authority to topple Shamir's government by withholding the parliamentary votes of his Shas Party last Thursday.
Although airlines generally honor each other's tickets, competitors stopped honoring Eastern tickets after it filed for bankruptcy protection.
All federal judges in the city have handled drug matters, but it was not known immediately whether Jimenez had recent cases involving the Medellin cartel.
Defense attorneys say their clients either weren't part of the Lehder conspiracy or withdrew from it so long ago that they should come under the statute of limitations.
Doctors said the emperor slept well Tuesday night, contributing to his stabilizing condition.
The 113-year-old school sent out 670 invitations _ complete with mortar boards and tassels.
The year-earlier quarter had net of $48.7 million, or $1.93 a share, including about $41 million in after-tax earnings from discontinued operations, mainly the records subsidiary that was sold off last January.
The writer-director is James Dearden, who wrote "Fatal Attraction."
The neighborhood was quiet Thursday afternoon and remaining residents ventured out to assess damage and clear rubble.
Individual income taxes, which account for another one-third of all state taxes, totaled $96.1 billion, up 8.2%.
He said that was sufficient to undermine the prosecution's credibility.
Higher volume and the settlement of several natural gas contract disputes more than offset lower prices for energy, Union Pacific said.
Gains from securities sales were $32 million, down from $40 million a year ago.
The West German chancellor will try everything he can to get elected president of a unified Germany in 1990.
As details of the purchase plan were being hammered out, Mr. Cleary said two of his biggest concerns were maintaining community support and job security for the people in Wisconsin, and particularly in La Crosse.
Although workers can switch investments every quarter, "very few people move their money frequently," he says.
A Chicago street gang member testified Saturday that Noah Robinson ordered a "hit" to kill a former employee, but the witness admitted he was promised money and leniency for cooperating with authorities.
Tangent is a Dallas real estate company, formerly called Amchase Holdings Corp.
Unemployment has risen from 2.8% in May to 3.7% in July; the Massachusetts Civic Interest Council reports that in the past year the state lost 16,000 manufacturing jobs.
The newsletter said Paget Hinch charged the government $1,410 for a 1987 Thanksgiving trip to the same area.
Baker, his former boss in the Reagan years, is another fierce supporter.
Neely did not return calls to his office Wednesday, and a spokeswoman, Kathi Barber, said he would not explain why he had decided against taking the case.
An increasingly strong lobby in Malaysia's stockbroking industry, upset over Singapore's proposal to cut some brokerage commissions, is pressing for the withdrawal of all Malaysian stocks from the Singapore Stock Exchange.
In Oradea in northwest Romania, unidentified assailants smashed windows and broke down the doors of a synagogue on the night of Feb. 15-16, said Teodor Blumenfeld, general secretary of the Federation of Romanian Jewish Communities.
The North American Securities Administrators Association, which represents state securities regulators, has been pushing to shift the onus of triggering disclosure from customers to brokers.
The CDC recommends that needles, scalpels and other sharper objects that come in contact with blood and other potentially dangerous body fluids be disposed of in puncture-resistant containers.
LIVING and working in Bermuda is rather the reverse of the mythical ship-swallowing Bermuda triangle to which the island gives its name.
As president, Jaruzelski has control of the military and foreign policy matters and will choose a prime minister to head the government.
The FDIC's gross income is expected to be about $3.4 billion this year, with half coming from assessments on member banks and half from interest income on the fund's investments.
Last month, Citicorp dismissed about half the staff of a big project to collect individual shoppers' purchase data at supermarkets. Citicorp says the expensive program wasn't gathering enough data to meet its goals.
The news aroused concern that North Fork's financial condition would put its proposed $15.50-a-share acquisition of Eastchester at risk.
She said the market also was supported by Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter's statement at a news conference that he hopes to see an increase in subsidized export sales of U.S. wheat.
IF IN VITRO fertilization works, it usually does so after only a few tries.
Most of those said they thought that pizza was probably bad for them, but they liked it anyway.
Britain has complained about the payments, saying they amount to unfair state aid which is damaging the UK pig industry.
"Sooner or later we were going to bump into the ceiling," Marquez said. "This gives us some breathing room." The INEL is the only facility in the nation other than Rocky Flats that can accept the waste right now.
Mr. Linney wants us to understand what draws people into a form of worship so ecstatic and irrational that its practitioners are willing to pass poisonous snakes from hand to hand.
Not long ago, the rapidly expanding electronics retail chain was a favorite of institutional investors, largely because of the drive and personal appeal of Mr. Antar himself.
Cincinnati-based P&G denied misusing the Just Say No program "in any way," adding that its participation was supported by the White House and Mrs. Reagan.
Mr. Lugar was one of 11 old Congress hands Mr. Bush invited to a dinner in the White House family quarters two weeks ago.
He also reiterated the company's confidence that its dispute with the government over the A-12 attack plane, which was canceled last January because of huge cost overruns, would be resolved satisfactorily.
He also agreed to testify against his former colleagues from the Chicago Board of Trade.
While the Saudis cited terrorism and threats for breaking relations with Tehran on April 27, they mainly were seeking to head off Iranian-inspired violence in the holy city of Mecca in this year's annual haj, or pilgrimage.
In addition, Intel Corp. and Chips and Technologies Inc. both said Tuesday they were working with IBM on developing sets of chips that other companies could use to make compatible add-on devices for the Micro Channel.
Mr. Sullivan said that Mr. McWhorter's departure shows "the technoids are winning," at Wang.
None of the relevant leading indicators - such as the rate of capacity utilisation in capital goods industries - point to an early upturn.
One may debate whether or not the policy of making deals with terrorist chieftains while shooting only at underlings was wise.
ST is one of the world's most modern telecoms companies, with some of the lowest customer costs.
Some have regularly spent holidays there and buy for retirement, or pre-retirement.
The diminution is a direct result of EU-imposed quotas. 'In the 1970s, there were 200 fishing vessels from the port of Pasajes alone that fished in EU waters.
Mr. Bramah has been on the Tonka board since 1980.
"We had only a trace of precipitation all month," he said.
The mayor, who appointed Gates but lacks the authority to fire him, has previously called for Chief Gates's resignation.
Bush 25 Dole 10 Robertson 0 Kemp 0 Uncommitted 0 Total 35 Jesse Jackson drew one in five white votes Tuesday in Connecticut's Democratic primary, far more than in 1984 but too few to deny Gov. Michael Dukakis a big win, exit polls said.
On Tuesday, Premier Miklos Nemeth said Hungary's foreign debt was expected to reach $20 billion by the end of the year.
The information was provided by the Natural Resources Defense Council, a Washington, D.C.-based, non-profit group that has lobbied for sharp reductions in pollutants that cause acid rain, such as sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides.
Solidarity leader Lech Walesa declared Thursday "the Iron Curtain is no more" but also said the West will be to blame if Poland's experiment in democracy fails for lack of economic support.
The measure would combine the holidays for George Washington and Abraham Lincoln into a single February holiday and create a January holiday for King.
I've always been opposed to abortion," Chiles said. "But when it comes down to who makes that decision, I think we want the woman to be able to make it." Chiles has pledged to veto any legislation restricting a woman's right to choose.
They include 13 copies of Austrian church music and five Schubert songs, many of which are unpublished, Roberts said.
They stayed in pitched tents and lived military-style during the project.
If the trading and competitive environments improve then it is capable of being very profitable indeed.'
Several doctors say they have examined hundreds of women with breast implants and immune-system illnesses.
But the tide may be turning against "Big Green," a sweeping environmental issue in California, as well as many of the anti-tax, anti-spending measures facing voters in about a dozen states.
These letters narrate his conquest and command of his subject: a 44-year-old English lady novelist (a mix of Iris Murdoch and Doris Lessing) whom he's been studying and lecturing on for a dozen years.
Marcos spokesman Gemmo Trinidad said Jose Rono, former minister of local governments, visited Marcos Thursday, but U.S. authorities didn't approach him.
The concentrated black vote in Democratic primaries gives blacks great leverage within the party, which is what they properly seek.
He also said it includes about six months during which the agency waits for more information it requests from drug sponsors.
Eastern officials in the past said there were no plans to move Eastern's corporate headquarters from Miami to Atlanta, but wouldn't speculate on whether that was a possibility later.
On Friday, Brazauskas told a news conference that services would be allowed in the cathedral every Sunday and that another church converted into a museum would be returned to its original use in March.
His foreign minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, says the dissidents have "deliberately set a match to a powder keg.
Reg and Christine Miller were on their honeymoon in France when the earthquake struck.
But we believe that Japan will have a _ more of a voice in these international _ international matters.
A wave of violence has accompanied the political maneuvering, most of it fighting between rival black groups.
"When you've got a federal agency which has never been a secured creditor getting elevated status, there will be effects in the credit markets," says Christopher Bowlin, a benefits official for the National Association of Manufacturers.
Quayle also has selected veteran Time magazine correspondent David Beckwith to be his press secretary when he takes office as vice president.
MR MICHAEL Stoney, 42, operated close to centre of the Maxwell empire.
The US, Brazil's biggest creditor, did much to ensure the recent delay of a Dollars 350m loan from the IADB.
Alleghany said financial advisers estimate stock in the new company could trade between $65 and $75 a share.
If granted, the patents would give the company unusual protection in the monoclonal antibody field since the methods of culturing mouse B cells in the test tube aren't covered by patents, he said.
Attorney General Dick Thornburgh is reassigning two top aides in an apparent attempt to erase the impression that he runs the Justice Department through a tight circle of political loyalists.
American Civil Liberties Union attorney Arthur B. Spitzer said the case means that any government employee with a "secret" clearance will eventually be subjected to random drug testing.
But the fear of one was enough to justify the alliance in the eyes of its members. With the end of the cold war and the dissolution of the Soviet Union, that is no longer the case.
LaRouche alone is accused of defrauding the Internal Revenue Service by failing to declare personal services, paid for by his organizations, as income.
Miami FBI spokesman Paul Miller said Thursday he could not comment on his agency's reports because the matter is before the courts.
He was supported by Mr David Winnick, the Labour MP for Walsall North, who said confining membership of such a body to privy councillors would be 'a form of apartheid'.
The computer error couldn't have come at a worse time, the importers say.
Under an agreement between the company and the UAW, nearly 300 employees were transferred to the South Carolina plant.
Time Warner said it has no plans to drop a provision in its rights offering that would adjust the as many as 15 million options held by executives and employees.
However, in its response to the NRC the Air Force argued that under the facts of the incident, the requirements do not clearly mandate a report within 24 hours.
About 1,000 U.S. troops and an unknown number of Saudi soldiers were taking part in the six-day "Imminent Thunder" maneuvers, which began Thursday.
He resigned as ambassador four months ago to become a candidate.
Confronted by an 8-day-old series of job actions posing the stiffest challenge to its rule since 1981, the Politburo urged Communist Party members "to counter attempts to stir illegal strikes," the state-run PAP news agency reported.
Since then, air traffic has soared past the FAA's feeble efforts to rebuild the controller force and replace obsolete computers and radar systems.
Ms. Duggan has been domestic policy liaison in the White House Office of Public Liaison since January.
Scientists at the University of Southern California and the University of Illinois say they have confirmed the theory that the mind stores memories by "hard wiring" new connections between brain cells.
"I don't think Israel has to make any declarations.
Hoechst said Celanese holders should consult their brokers or accountants about the tax law's effect on their holdings.
She said growing up as the namesake for a business that has sales of $3 billion a year had its ups and downs.
On Monday, Clement Lloyd, 23, died following a police chase that started just after 6 p.m.
Each was checked for financial stability and administration facilities and was given a clean bill of health.
Transportation Secretary Skinner said he will take a hard look at any leveraged buy-out.
The accelerated growth among the giants of the pension world means that the 20 biggest retirement funds now account for more than 25% of all pension assets, including stocks, bonds and other investments, up from slightly more than 21% in 1985.
The U.S. ambassador, Thomas R. Pickering, said another resolution would be drafted to impose an air embargo, a step the United Nations has never taken against a nation.
Richard Francis, McAlester Schools director of maintenance, is licensed to handle asbestos, but he said the decorations may be a lost cause.
In coach, a computer screen that flips up on the back of the computer gets crushed when the person in front reclines. Setting up many computers is complex enough to discourage casual use.
Republicans have opposed public financing and the spending limits espoused by Mitchell and Sen. David Boren, D-Okla.
He wore a white overcoat and spoke in English.
It said seasonal factors had helped to boost overall output.
As the Big Three auto makers gear up for the 1988 model year, Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. have scheduled overtime at several plants for tomorrow and next week.
Digital comes within an ace of saying IBM is lying about the tests' validity.
Several Eastern employee trusts, which own an issue of Eastern stock, claim they could block major asset moves because of their standing as shareholders.
Also, we were struck at how promptly Mr. Neas hopped on the Dukakis-Bentsen ticket, while Jesse Jackson simmered.
"The critical thing is what questions you ask," Sorrell said in an interview following the Thompson acquisition in 1987. "If you ask certain things, people in giving you the answers will ask themselves, `Why did they ask me that question?'
The telephone is like a lifeline to me," said Falwin, who works out of her house.
In a four-page letter to committee Chairman Charles E. Bennett, D-Fla., Dingell reiterated his concerns about the program.
The church defrocked him in January 1988, but he was able to find a dozen or more people who listened.
"We have a huge, almost visceral attachment to the show and to each other," he said. "We'll all still be friends, but we'll drift apart.
At least he says he hopes to lose.
Hussein has been holding numerous meetings at home and abroad in recent weeks after pledging to seek a diplomatic solution to the crisis, triggered by the Aug. 2 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.
It performs a wide range of research intended to benefit U.S. industry.
"I leave people to draw their own conclusions.
A taxpayer gives a lump sum to a college, religious group or other nonprofit organization, takes a tax deduction for a substantial portion of the amount and receives monthly or quarterly payments, typically for life.
George Kane made it to Sydney, Australia.
The move was part of an Iranian-brokered truce.
It is no longer a collection of familiar objects understood by you but a pattern of shapes and shades which have no purpose other than to defy your efforts to describe them.
This leaves the author in a dilemma: He values the market mechanism but he also values stability.
OTC stocks as measured by the Nasdaq composite index were up about 15% in March from the end of 1987.
It was the first major act of terrorism in postwar Italy and ushered in 15 years of violence by leftist and right-wing terrorists.
But Arkansas' Bill Clinton is not so sure about a deadlocked meeting in Atlanta, as the Democratic governors worry about their party's still unresolved presidential battle.
"Removal of this fear has pushed the market up," he added.
He assumed the new title of chief executive officer this March.
The trade gap narrowed by 3.1 percent to $10.3 billion as exports fell by $317 million and imports dropped an even bigger $643 million.
The statement that Goldman was not aware of illicit dealings by Mr Maxwell or his associates is anyway a rather limp exoneration.
Ted Price, senior vice president at Scotia-McLeod Inc., a lead manager of the issue, said the offering attracted some offshore interest as well as broad demand from Canadian institutions.
"If administered with prudence, this program can povide countless Americans with peace of mind," the president said.
The dollar surged against the yen in early trading following an upswing in New York overnight, said a trader with the Bank of Tokyo, speaking on condition of anonymity.
Singer Michael Jackson gets into the act with a new video game by Sega dubbed "Moonwalker."
Since the Tamil insurrection began in 1983, both sides have used heavy firepower and civilian casualties have been high.
"Everybody in the city of Boston was really praying beyond hope that Christopher would make it," Flynn said.
The shake-out had been expected, given the lack of follow-through buying in the morning, but the move had not dented the market's generally bullish outlook.
Predictions are that by 1990 as much as 50% of all petroleum used in the U.S. will have to be imported.
An Allen Group spokesman said S&P's action "isn't based on a correct assessment of all the circumstances of the company."
We are trying to get the photo in now from Cartagena, but can not give an exact time when it will begin moving due to phone line problems.
Last year China produced 80m tonnes of steel products, double the quantity of 10 years ago.
Fixed-income funds were off 1.92%, income funds slid 1.19% and convertible funds dipped 0.13%.
And if you give only to the camera? "In a film, if you're static it shows immediately.
Investicni Banka is advising the government on its privatisation programme.
The Legal Daily said the two were executed on Monday after losing appeals in the Sichuan provincial court and the Supreme Court.
With the best schools, jobs and entertainment, Tokyo drew millions who dreamed of better lives as well as hundreds of companies wanting to be near government agencies, banks, financial markets and up-to-date information.
People are already scared.
Marionville in 1989 claimed to be home to about 1,000 of the white rodents, or roughly half the number of people who live there.
"People can label me a loony and the idea may go nowhere," he said. "But people have a right to know they can have more sunlight in the afternoon." The preacher wears jeans and a western shirt.
The Socialist Party won free elections in June and holds 210 seats in Parliament.
(I have known some open cars to shake so badly that the instruments became a blur on moderately rough surfaces.) The hood is super-efficient, too.
She's a bit Chinese.
I don't think the United States is bluffing.
Also Wednesday, U.S.-backed Angolan rebels fighting the Marxist government said they captured a town on the Benguela railroad, the principal route for transporting minerals from Zaire, Zambia and eastern Angola to the Atlantic Ocean port of Lobito.
And he said the Czechoslovak president agreed on a need for NATO and U.S. forces until "new security structures emerge in Europe." Bush said NATO perhaps should have a broader role than at present, Seitz said.
The offensive has included raids and seizures at more than 700 estates, businesses and other properties owned by or linked to Colombia's powerful cocaine cartels.
Mr. Casey said "it is much too early" to discuss management changes, but he conceded, "there's very little upper management left."
Heat is controlled by regulating the flame rather than moving the grill.
The yield on the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond fell to 8.46%.
Whirlpool has said it would expand Roper from a maker of ranges into a producer and marketer of a full line of appliances.
Zimbabwe Newspapers Ltd., owners of The Chronicle and all Zimbabwe's other daily and Sunday newspapers, condemned what it called brutal, unprovoked and premeditated attacks.
In some cases, though, negative feedback never kicks in. Society becomes "locked in," to use the phrase of W. Brian Arthur, a professor of population studies and economics at Stanford University who has done pioneering research in the field.
The survivor of a bruising 1986 Senate battle over his elevation to chief justice, Rehnquist has emerged as the collegial orchestrator of a major rightward shift in the court's direction.
Thomas Lambert, an attorney for Occidental, said the natural resources, chemical and food processing concern decided to settle "simply to avoid the expense of lengthy, complicated litigation."
Rumford police Sgt. Mike Boutte said police had received about 65 calls from people who reported feeling the quake.
These are not "stockholders" in the classical sense of the term.
The answer, perhaps, is to distinguish between "secret" and "quiet" diplomacy.
Dole often cites the key role he played five years ago in forging a compromise that ended a half-decade of financial turmoil for the Social Security system.
Just before he took office, 24% of Americans as measured in a Gallup poll described themselves as Republicans.
"We did the same thing in the quarter as we've done for years," says Mr. Puff, the fund's co-manager.
Paisley has become a major target in the nationwide investigation of possible corruption involving contractors and defense officials.
'You have to go to the country to find a pure Luxembourger.' The man behind a stall in the fruit market was from Portugal.
The leveraged buyout market posted 65 third-quarter completions with known value of $7.6 billion against 61 with a $15.7 billion value in the second quarter.
Ms. Katz often uses pieces by congressmen and public officials, saying that "I don't have to pay these people."
"You're living from check to check and you don't get a chance to build something for the future." Once in California, their former $250-a-month rent in Beaumont became $600, and Mr. Vanya found his higher pay quickly disappearing.
While the unemployment rate remained steady at 7 per cent, the number of payroll jobs actually declined in March.
Demonstrators planned to be out in force Inauguration Day, along with the National Organization for Women, which has scheduled a silent protest along the parade route.
The candidates are relying on grass-roots organizing, telephone banks and direct mail to lure Democrats to the caucus; none is buying television advertisements.
The report noted that the NRC has limited resources: 25 full-time license reviewers and 36 inspectors, versus 7,700 licenses for industrial and other uses of radioactive materials.
Any publisher who became a partner with the employee trust would be asked to repay the loan.
The position is being vacated Friday by Deputy Attorney General Arnold Burns, who resigned in protest March 29 out of concern that the nearly year-long criminal investigation of Meese was hurting department operations.
It is my duty," the mayor said.
The provision, aimed at concerns about global warming, would have required controls on carbon dioxide emissions from cars.
"We're going to the Supreme Court," Rosemary Menard-Sanford, one of thousands of women who claimed they were injured by the Dalkon Shield birth-control device marketed by the company in the early 1970s, said Thursday.
"But Iran, in the long run, is a bigger prize than Iraq, as the Americans well know," said one Western diplomat.
Such rigorous procedures have proved daunting to many foreign institutional investors, who initially were eager to invest in Taiwan shares under market-opening measures announced in late December.
But the SEC backs the House version, which would block the Treasury's veto power.
Mr. Dole's assurance that he can "work with Congress" was not the message the voters wanted to hear.
The discount rate is the interest the Fed charges on loans to member banks.
Mr. McKay himself listed only three payments totaling $1,100 on the last report he filed as a House member.
As in his first move, Mr. Vanya was able to find higher pay at his new job, earning up to $44,000 as a foreman.
The country has made some interest payments to the banks this year and has reached agreement with them on many of the main points of a debt settlement.
"In general, I believe we do, and perhaps an important one." Simak's wife of 56 years, Agnes, died in 1985.
The company said the cost to develop or buy and renovate the projects is estimated at $76.6 million.
The 18-wheel truck was unable to stop and struck the bus about 11 a.m., pinning the driver inside his truck, he said.
In Miami, Contra leaders said cease-fire talks scheduled Monday with the government were off unless the Sandinistas left Honduras.
KMS has a life of at least 20 years.' 'There is a big job going forwards,' says Mr Hughes.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation conducted an extensive background check into the rumors of Tower's extramarital affairs and drinking.
Security Pacific National Bank will restructure its retail banking efforts in a move that bank insiders said could eliminate several hundred jobs.
Energy industry officials and many on Capitol Hill have voiced increasing alarm in recent weeks at a trend toward rapidly growing U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
Fuel consumption should be 33mpg (8.56 l/100km). Two other versions of the Punto that also are new to Britain are the 55 EL six-speed and the 60 SX Selecta.
The Hunt brothers' Placid Oil Co. is expected to submit a reorganization plan today that proposes to pay back fully its non-bank creditors over as many as 10 years if Placid can survive profitably.
The location of the clash also was not disclosed.
He needs him now,' the notes said.
Giants owner Bob Lurie has said since the early 1980s that he wanted to leave Candlestick, which has narrow aisles, bad weather and parking and access problems.
Schnelz said he may grant a suspended sentence because Streefkerk is penniless and terminally ill.
Hundreds of police officers attended separate funerals for two Detroit officers who were killed as they tried to arrest a barricaded gunman.
And I say, 'Yeah, sure, he can hit in his sleep.'
President Bush, praising Marilyn Quayle for her efforts to fight cancer, signed legislation today that will provide federal money to screen women for breast and cervical cancer.
According to the legend, Midas, son of King Gordius, was a spendthrift who begged the gods for the power to turn anything he touched to gold.
The bank now has $25.7 million in deposits and has just opened a second office.
Ms. Norville is talented and overwhelmingly pretty and would be fine as a reporter or a newsmagazine anchor.
Among mourners was Luxiol Mayor Roger Clausse, who said Dornier "was not always normal and coherent, but he had not committed any crimes and I had no basis to have him interned." Clausse's son, Joel, also was there.
Tobacco and insurance group BAT Industries fell sharply yesterday in spite of first-quarter figures well above the consensus forecast.
Mr. Glazier takes as his text the Constitution's second veto clause, Clause 3 of Article I, Section 7.
"It was identified before it could spread or permanently erase any data," he told a delegation of Japanese computer specialists touring this country to assess the virus problem.
One of Tekere's candidates was shot and wounded.
He also does his old hits: "I Don't Know Why I Love You But I Do," "You Always Hurt The One You Love" and, of course, "Ain't Got No Home." "I'm getting old now.
The US Air Transport Users' Asociation has warned travellers not to use domestic carriers in Russia.
If an item's not on sale, shoppers don't want it."
"If I don't shoot straight, shoot me," Sawyer, 39, told voters as he handed thm bullets.
"The planes have the right of way," says Neil Maurer, a charter member of the golf club.
"A search warrant is a very blunt instrument."
Regarding the action in Florida, a spokeswoman for Bristol-Myers, based in New York, said the company was aware that the suit had been filed but couldn't comment on particulars because it hadn't seen the documents.
The plaintiffs said radioactive pollution had reduced their property values and inflicted emotional suffering.
"Her husband said they were not having marital problems," Fletcher said. "It seems that she may have been suffering from some type of depression." The husband told police his wife acted normal Saturday morning.
Silver fell in London to a bid price of $5.18 a troy ounce, down from Tuesday's $5.25.
Macy, which last week signed a $6.1 billion definitive buyout agreement with Federated, on Tuesday began a tender offer for Federated's common stock.
Shamir has rejected the international auspices the plan envisions for Arab-Israeli talks.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers by about 9 to 4 on the New York Stock Exchange, with 472 up, 1,072 down and 433 unchanged.
Allan Robertson is retiring from NCR.
Shiite Moslems battled Palestinians in Lebanon for the 10th day, killing 10 and raising the death toll to 379, police said.
Around the world cereals crops appear to be in generally good condition and demand for the US wheat crop is weak, with buyers sniffing at export incentives and biding their time until the harvest pushes prices lower.
He said the correct figure is 1,700 tanks in 1989 and that is a 40 percent cut from previous years.
"Everyone is so quiet.
And it doesn't just survive; it pollinates plants, makes way for a few more insects, and serves as food for a myriad of mammals and reptiles.
Cooperatives owned and operated five refineries with a total capacity of more than 197,000 barrels per calendar day.
Instead, the machine-tool market promptly collapsed, and the company's bookings slumped 32% in his first year.
It also consumes carbon dioxide, which helps cause global warming.
AFTER YEARS of looking at Caribbean beaches I have come to the conclusion that there are only a number of ways of describing them.
"Finally, something that compares with the little sounds in my head" was how an Archer news release described Madonna's reaction to QSound.
But last year, the weak dollar and import restrictions on apparel from the Far East started pushing clothing prices up faster than inflation.
Reagan, who was a right guard in college for the Eureka Golden Tornadoes, has shed his presidential neutrality since leaving office and is a big Trojans fan, Coach Larry Smith said.
They haven't faced re-election in nearly 40 years.
But stations lost interest.
The Soviet Union opposes reunification and Secretary of State James A. Baker III has urged a cautious approach, but signs of a virtual de facto union grow daily.
The driver of the other car was ticketed for failing to use due care, police said.
McKenzie River officials say they didn't pay to have their product included in the movie, and a spokesman for Sony Corp.'s Columbia Pictures unit confirms that Ice Cube suggested the liquid prop.
Like the crippled churches that fell before it, San Lorenzo became a victim of indecision.
The offer was scheduled to expire at midnight Friday.
Two communist party leaders also met with Mazowiecki on Wednesday and said a good atmosphere prevailed but "certain details" remain unsettled and require more talks Thursday, according to PAP.
Belgrade radio described the impact as "tremendous." Special rescue teams were trying to extricate passengers from the tangled mass of metal, the reports said without giving a cause of the accident.
I was just getting back to feeling normal.
It ranged between 124.45 yen and 125.98 yen.
Yet 25% of the college seniors surveyed in a Gallup Poll didn't know that Columbus landed in the New World before 1500.
Word came from Sofia that Bulgaria's supreme leader was enraged.
Among the gaffes: One book said President Truman "easily settled" the war in Korea by dropping "the bomb," although nuclear weapons weren't used in Korea and Eisenhower was president when the armistice was signed.
Licences have been granted this year for the first national terrestrial commercial station and three regional commercial networks. Almost every leading media operator made a bid for the national licence.
If it's necessary we'll take some appropriate actions," Black said.
The NFL formally requires approval by three-fourths of team owners of any move, as well as written notification by Jan. 15 of the year of the proposed relocation.
After the offering is completed, the public would own 19.1% of the stock on a fully diluted basis, Duracell management would own 10.3% and the leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. would own the rest.
The deficit in merchandise trade narrowed with Japan and Canada but grew with Western Europe.
The current proposal would require a public company changing auditors to disclose any significant accounting issues it discussed with the new auditors or any other auditing firm over the past two years.
At least four delegates, among 40 who objected to the final text, said it failed to single out party leaders responsible for the economic crisis.
Most subsequent months also fell.
"People are really figuring out that reptiles offer a wealth of recreational value," said Mr. Collins.
Shipments of durable goods rose 1.5 percent to $116.3 billion in June following a 1.8 percent increase in May.
The problem is exacerbating trade friction.
"We cannot grow accustomed to enduring a peace with Israeli bloodshed," said Israeli Foreign Minister David Levy.
Harold Simmons, chairman and chief executive officer of Valhi Inc., and leader of a proxy battle for control of Lockheed Corp., quickly offered up a job that isn't even his to give just yet: "Tell him to call me.
Appeals have poured in by the thousands, said Franklin.
This scenario of high costs and a potentially stroppy workforce undoubtedly deters some companies from investing in the country. This factor has even persuaded some businesses that are already there to switch to less expensive locations.
The new baby is the 10th grandchild for Kennedy's mother, Ethel. The new parents, both lawyers, also have a 3-year-old son, Robert Kennedy III.
The paper quoted her as giving this account: Ms. Ortiz received at least seven letters since January telling her to leave the country.
He keeps a "hit list" of repeat offenders who show up at games, and with the district attorney's help has sought restraining orders to keep out unsavory San Francisco fans.
To date, both candiates have spent a total of about $40 million on their campaigns since last year.
Savimbi, meanwhile, denies claims by Dos Santos that he agreed to go into exile and to integrate his troops into Angola's army.
The opinion polls seem often to be wide of the mark. Many may not vote at all.
"While I am sympathetic to his age and frailties, there is no way to leave him out of these charges while he is still in this life," Maloney said.
According to the source, Weld in the meeting with the president "laid out the facts" in a hypothetical indictment.
PacifiCorp would pay about $240 million for the assets it acquires with money going toward secured debt. Similarly, Public Service Co. would pay about $250 million toward secured debt.
Biden said that while he would have preferred additional provisions, it was necessary to be realistic about the support available for the bill.
The room beyond was full of lovely antiques, but it seemed slightly small. On one side of the room, though, there was a wooden banister.
At the same time, Japan throws up many roadblocks to romance.
These senior judges still pick up all the pay raises given to active judges, and like active judges they can't have private law practices.
More issues will be resolved in temporary rules the IRS is writing; it says concerns shouldn't try to elect fiscal years until the rules are out.
On Tuesday, Noriega condemned the presence of the U.S. helicopter carrier Okinawa on the Pacific end of the Panama Canal. It passed through the canal Tuesday on its way to its home port, San Diego.
I'm thrilled that we came out with one that works - in our opinion.
Big color prints burst out here, too, on flowered strapless bustier sheaths with puff-sleeved boleros.
Returning to the automobile analogy, imagine a typical intersection controlled by traffic lights where all the drivers try to move forward while the light is changing.
Nevertheless, the council is forecasting 1990 growth based on continued consumer spending, exports and business investment.
Imanyara edited the Nairobi Law Monthly magazine, which served as a platform for the advocates of political pluralism in this East African nation.
Both strongly deny any conflict.
In a soft landing, the economy slows down without entering a recession and without accelerating inflation.
But I've called him numerous times and he's never returned my calls.
RAM has Pounds 27.5m invested in its personal pension funds. Fidelity makes a one-off administration charge of 1.5 per cent on the first contribution.
It is characteristic of the black townships across South Africa.
In the past two months alone, bombs have gone off in a Rawalpindi bus station, a poultry shop near the Afghan border, three sites in Bajaur and a bazaar in the refugee center of Thal.
The issue, which requires regulatory approval, will be underwritten by a group headed by RBC Dominion Securities Inc. and Merrill Lynch Canada Inc.
Also this term, the court tied 3-3 in an immigration law case.
By police count, 11 people have been killed and 47 wounded in the previous three car bombings since Jan. 13.
Last month, a jury convicted Healy on three counts, making the company potentially liable to fines totaling $1.5 million.
Federated Department Stores Inc., Cincinnati, beefed up its anti-takeover measures in an apparent response to investor Donald Trump's interest.
"I am fairly comfortable we will do both," said R. Dale Ross, chief executive officer and president of the home-infusion therapy company.
Because interest payments on debt usually are suspended during bankruptcy-law proceedings, PS of New Hampshire will save well over $100 million a year in interest costs.
DiBona also downplayed the effects of the spill on fish and birds in the area.
Some paper and securities shares fell, as did major steel and heavy industrial producers.
During Lincoln's first year as president, abuse mounted in the North.
Four alleged U.S. spies were hanged in November in Iran.
It handled more than 2 million cargo containers last year, making it the second-busiest port in the United States behind New York-New Jersey.
Much later, after American air raids, he walked through the charred rubble.
Pinochet is finding, even a dictator may have trouble achieving it.
In recent years, the smugglers began distributing Moroccan hashish, using a fleet of small speedboats.
The slickly produced series has been criticized by London's financial cognoscenti as inaccurate in detail, but its major weakness is its unrealistic depiction of the characters' professional and private lives.
"The `devil chair' makes everyone the devil, no matter who they are," he says.
"Our new authority to seek damages allows us to provide a complete remedy for victims of housing discrimination, and the civil penalty provision can constitute a signficant deterrent to such discrimination," Thornburgh said.
Aside from the amount of federal land at stake, what makes this case unusual is the reason the group gave for being entitled to sue.
The stock market rose in light trading today, resuming the rally it began before the Thanksgiving holiday.
To top it all off, interest rates on new loans were falling.
Several hundred people are expected Tuesday, mainly to hear the results of a heated judge-executive's race.
Bill Lucas is both astounded and offended by the campaign of leaks and smears against him.
Correspondents from Spanish and West German television said state-owned television and telephone companies refused to transmit images of the violence overseas.
Agencywide figures on past corruption convictions of DEA agents were unavailable, DEA spokesman Bill Deac said.
Quayle had just begun to shed some of the questioning about his military record and relations with a former lobbyist.
A total of 250 passengers were evacuated without injury from a Stena Sealink ferry in Stranraer harbour when fire broke out shortly before a planned sailing to Larne in Northern Ireland yesterday.
The Grinch who stole Ricardo Hernandez's Christmas tree couldn't steal Southern California's Christmas spirit.
The Canadian Aviation Safety Board was expected to investigate why there was an apparent breakdown in communications.
It calculates that Dollars 3.5bn to Dollars 3.8bn of funds will be needed to guarantee the concessionary bonds issued under the accord.
Several thousand students have fled Rangoon and other cities seeking refuge and military training from the guerrillas after a bloody government crackdown on pro-democracy demonstrations.
While directing the Justice Department to develop a system that would allow gun dealers to check whether a hand-gun buyer is a felon, Mr. McCollum's amendment wouldn't provide for the system to be put into effect.
PaineWebber said the Consumers Union lawsuit against it is "totally without merit."
Traders bought soyabean contracts thinking dryness in the northern plains would inhibit germination in newly-planted seeds.
U.S. resupply planes secretly have been using Zaire as a staging area for sending materiel to the rebel forces but Zairean President Mobutu Sese Seko ordered a halt to this activity last June when he launched a peace mediation effort.
"Michael Dukakis is committed to opportunity for all Americans," the wife of the Democratic presidential nominee-to-be said in brief remarks at a brunch near the hall where Democrats are holding their national convention.
Annual growth in the $400 million readyto-drink tea market is running at 15% to 20%, said Michael Bellas, president of Beverage Marketing Corp.
At least seven people have lost their jobs because of alleged roles in the scandal.
The United States has provided El Salvador with well over $3 billion in economic and military aid over the past decade.
The use of growth hormones on livestock is prohibited in the EEC, although a number of scandals involving illegal hormones have rocked the meat industries of West Germany and other European nations in recent months.
If 'social conditionality' is to take hold in the 1990s, attitudes will have to change fundamentally, both within developing countries and the Bank.
Deltona said a special committee of directors would review the sweetened bid.
Anny and say they plan to make a strong showing by organizing buses for the open-air Mass at Krzyzowa.
But Blanca Ramirez, who heads People for Change, said there are two places Brackley is truly happy: the South Bronx or El Salvador.
But the pact puts off most hard decisions and Democratic leaders suggested it could open the way to tax increases next year.
"Clayton's heart is in the right place, even if he doesn't pick the right words," Williams' spokesman, Bill Kenyon, said.
"I don't care how they do it, but they've got to be able to evacuate that bus" in a shorter period of time, Loeb said.
But 35 minutes later, after touching on the need to protect cultural artifacts and his concerns over population growth, Liu Bingsen ended up with a call for eugenics.
Since BTR's abortive bid for the company in 1987, Pilkington has underperformed the All-Share by 61 per cent. But its woes are not all sui generis.
For small advertisers, used commercials can give them television exposure they normally couldn't afford.
Such are the joys of duopolies, if not of fickle markets.
Mrs. Hills is required to reach a determination about India's insurance and investment practices under the so-called Super 301 clause of the 1988 Trade Act.
In Paris, the Foreign Ministry said it was trying to verify the report.
Mastropietro was introduced to Natale, an Albany hairdresser, during a jailhouse visit shortly after he was arrested in March 1987, Castillo said.
It tells of a kidnapping of an American general, a deed that has long been one of the RAF's fondest hopes.
California is due for a burst of train routes in any case, thanks to two ballot measures approved in 1990.
That compared with Tuesday's average of 6.81%, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said.
Last summer, a guard was beaten to death at Stateville, which has been plagued by overcrowding.
In summary, anyone tempted to try this system should be both patient and alert to the dangers. Having said that, which stocks would the system select now?
By noon, however, several private forecasters had released predictions eliminating rain from their forecasts for the weekend.
"If you discover a new comet, you get to name it.
Indeed, psychologists say that crying can be a useful signal that a management style or business decision isn't working, and that executives should at least consider the cause of the tears.
Versace _ The best selection of high waisted pants and skirts. Nighttime's most seductive spring look in transparent chiffon blouses.
The stock market was mixed today, running into some resistance after a six-session rally.
Reagan also said it was good that Gorbachev's program of Glasnost, or more openness, is being practiced in other communist nations, the newspaper reported.
Forty-six people died and 67 were injured when a train in Liaoning province, south of Jilin, collided with a bus on Dec. 23.
Agerpres also quoted a leading medical official as saying "a great many crippled babies were born" because of inadequate maternity care, malnutrition and other complications.
Pacific Telesis gained 1 to 49. The company announced a new program to buy back as many as 25 million of its shares.
'Peruvian debt is a speculative buy,' he says. Brazil, on the other hand, has removed much of the attraction of converting foreign debt into equity.
The $17-a-share bid for all of Colt's nearly 31 million common shares outstanding was approved by the company's board of directors and is expected to begin within the next five days, a spokesman said Thursday.
We follow his emergence from Whistler's shadow, the early influence of Degas, and the establishment of a personal and particular imagery of music-hall, artiste and audience.
Tougher insider-trading penalties cleared the House but face an uncertain future in the Senate.
Break out the sunscreen.
Classes resumed in all schools, including the Institute of Medicine and Pharmacy, whose ethnic Hungarian students had been on strike the past three weeks, Radio Bucharest reported.
If a minor threatens someone with the gun or displays it in public, the gun owner faces a misdemeanor charge and up to 60 days in jail and a $500 fine.
"Politics in the fall is going to be on hold," said Michael McCurry, spokesman for the Democratic National Committee.
Institutional investor confidence in all flotations was seriously damaged. 'Venture capitalists will have to expect a comparatively low or lower potential exit price because of the recent publicity,' says Mr Attwood.
After graduation, responsibility for the sign fell to whichever classmate had a spare wall or decent storage space.
"While opposition to apartheid remains, European governments have decided that the best way to end it is by supporting de Klerk's initiatives rather than the ANC's hard line," it said.
The chairmen of the armed services committees in both the House and the Senate have said Congress won't appropriate more money for weapons the West Germans won't accept.
Illinois would be the 16th state to resume executions since 1976.
It saw the relocation as an opportunity to build on this presence. Detailed planning for the move began in November 1990.
Some holders say such vouchers are only worth about 50% of face value in the resale market.
The Russian Party was founded at a first congress in the Kremlin in June, when Polozkov was elected its leader.
Nor is seven-year-old Ivory, or Janice, who just turned eight.
In the bass role of Emperor Altoum, Franz Hawlata delivered a brilliant cameo and sang beautifully. Helene Perraguin was a rather pale Adelma, and Bruce Brewer no longer has the voice for Truffaldino.
Anyone waiting for the cancelled 7.25 to Waterloo will agree that British Rail needs to be exposed to commercial pressure.
While we can poke fun at these books, all of them contain helpful information.
The National Front had 130, and its allies had 132 for a total of 262.
"Do not act against the people.
Her enterprise unraveled when a former cook, Russell Lucas, went to police, who sent in a young undercover policewoman to an interview with Ms. Adams.
Moorpark has gone through four mayors in four months _ including three in one night.
But hours later, an attorney for two anti-abortion activists said he obtained a stay from the Court of Appeals, the state's highest court, blocking Martin Klein from becoming the guardian of his 32-year-old wife, Nancy.
"People have great hopes for this congress.
Syrian troops and Lebanese riot policemen sealed the area around seven-story apartment building.
Last fall, the school's 800 first-year students were required for the first time to take a three-week course in ethics, spurred in large part by a $20 million gift from former Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman John Shad.
Before he left, security agents made him slip into thick, thigh-high rubber boots borrowed from the local fire department.
The passenger and three companions were arrested.
The suit brought by the Galveston-based bondholders, who had purchased the debentures through Kempner Capital Management Co., was filed in state court in Galveston by Houston lawyer Joseph D. Jamail.
If interest rates rise, the economy will tend to slow down, putting a damper on inflation," he said.
Fighting slackened Saturday, and thousands of hungry, exhausted residents took advantage of the lull to evacuate their homes, carrying small children and packages of belongings.
Similar wires may be established in other states in 1992, depending on the success of the program, he said.
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers 877 to 657.
Secretary of State James A. Baker III got an identical momento after he and Bush concluded their morning of talks with the Hungarian leaders at the Parliament building.
But on the eve of Mikhail Gorbachev's first visit to the U.S. next week for his third summit with President Reagan, both leaders are dropping hints about a lasting thaw.
In Tokyo, share prices finished moderately lower in quiet trading as investors appeared to grow less nervous about currency rate changes and Tuesday's decline on Wall Street as the day went on.
The Veterans Affairs Department is the nation's largest employer of registered nurses, with 35,000 of them at work in its hospitals, clinics and nursing homes.
I wish I had an award or something though.
Once free, he bought the freedom of slaves and lavished money on charities, including an orphanage and the city's first school for black children.
Up to 1,000 barges are sidelined in the St. Louis harbor, a 20-mile section of the river, below a huge ice bridge that has formed just north of the city at the confluence of the Missouri River, according to the Coast Guard.
Mrs Ciller spent the first half of the year fine-tuning the level of credit in the system, in pursuit of her goal of lower interest rates.
"We're well on our way to a final settlement," the spokesman said.
The announcement of the speed-up implied that UAL would not meet Coniston's deadline.
There is serious talk of bringing back the income tax.
They stare daggers at us.
"I was able to make my way out of the infirmary when suddenly I saw a soldier take off his helmet _ there was this beautiful head of long blond hair.
The issues are believed to include the shareholding structure of the two groups and the top management structure. Spokesmen at Renault and Volvo declined to comment on the state of negotiations between the two groups.
In May, members of senior management withdrew their $135 million leveraged buy-out proposal after concluding they couldn't obtain the necessary shareholder approvals.
Latin America, for example, is running low on military dictators, long a favorite target of Democrats.
This counsel of passivity is what brought him to his current low state in the polls.
Time Inc., deciding to take tighter control of its important cable-television operations, said it was relocating its 82%-owned American Television & Communications Inc. unit to New York from Denver.
Under the two-sector structure, Merrill's individual-investor operations were separate from its capital markets group, which failed to foster cooperation between the two groups, reports said.
There still is some chance for improvement.
Nordstrom employees in Seattle area stores voted strongly to oust the union that has represented them for six decades. It isn't clear if the union will file objections to the vote.
The Incas were the most powerful group in the area at the time of the Spanish conquest in the 1530s.
They now grow coconuts in Chogao, a farm village 70 miles south of Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon.
There has been little news to account for such buoyancy in the oil markets.
A district judge Wednesday authorized the execution of Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh, who are being held at New Delhi's maximum-security Tihar Central Jail.
The U.S. has around $20 billion in foreign currency reserves at its disposal, according to recent data.
Awash in money from the annual Open, which it operates, the USTA spends about $3 million a year providing coaching and other sustenance for the more-promising of the young American players.
Army Col. Leon Linares, speaking by telephone with the YSU radio station, said from San Miguel that three mortar rounds were fired at the brigade and Arce sector.
After the results were disclosed, Polysar stock closed on the Toronto Stock Exchange yesterday at 15.50 dollars, up 12.5 cents.
Barbara June Stevens, 54, was sentenced to serve the prison term along with 10 years probation under a plea bargain struck with prosecutors last month.
The prosecutor refused to say what Paisley did on Unisys' behalf.
No one was indicted in Romero's slaying, but President Jose Napoleon Duarte late last year publicly accused Roberto d'Aubuisson, a right-wing legislator and former army major, of masterminding the slaying.
The CAF offers the vouchers in denominations of Pounds 10, Pounds 25 and Pounds 50. All of these are matters for careful and considered private choice.
Morgan Stanley, PaineWebber and J.P. Morgan all priced the notes as 5% securities to yield 4.50% at maturity.
One man was handcuffed and all passengers were removed from a Continental airplane awaiting takeoff from LaGuardia Airport on Thursday in what turned out to be a groundless threat, authorities said.
Revenue declined 5.2% to $4.67 billion from $4.93 billion.
The incident isn't convincing as an example of Mr. Smith's insensitivity to people.
NASD also ordered Dahle and Shearson jointly to pay attorneys' fees and other expenses involved in the litigation, which lasted more than seven months.
These workers, who earn from $6.50 to $11.70 an hour, must have at least a high school education and undergo a minimum of five weeks' training.
He said he could not give details.
Sir Richard Lloyd, 59 years old, was appointed a non-executive director at this equipment, contracting and services group.
At the same time, Smith denied Hoylake's request for a preliminary injunction against the state insurance commission review.
Then unfortunately, along comes another war and people are glad they didn't close it," Swantek says.
The novel has been banned in almost all Moslem countries, and riots against it have killed 19 people.
The most basic point about prosecutions is that there is discretion.
'At its simplest, almost everything we do is either observing, listening, taking action or thinking.
"Bush's negatives never dropped during the campaign," poll taker Peter Hart says.
But economic data released on Friday suggested that inflation may be abating while the economy continues to expand.
Treasury bonds once again led the way, posting gains of nearly three-quarters of a point, or $7.50 for each $1,000 face amount.
The program, administered by state governments, now covers an estimated 19 million poor people at a projected cost of $52 billion in 1988.
The Dade County Health Department and the National Weather Service advised people with respiratory problems to stay indoors.
While the good ship will, at best, be in dry dock for some time, all hands were safe.
Yasser Arafat said Friday that President Bush's decision to continue dialogue with the PLO is "a very important step which will help a peace process in the Middle East." The next round of PLO-U.S. talks reportedly is scheduled in Tunisia next week.
Two track-and-field athletes using starter pistols killed six people and wounded another for unknown reasons before police killed one of them in a shootout, a newspaper reported today.
They regret that the world opinion is such that people don't make a distinction," she said.
One captures the essence.
The rest, about 29,000 gallons, are various lubrication oils used to run the ship, Asaro said.
We may not yet have totally won the fight against the permissive drug culture of the 1960s and '70s.
Overall volume was brisk, as 830.1 million shares were traded, little changed from 830.9 million shares on Wednesday. However, a good portion of this reflected trading between market makers, dealers said.
Nemeth was quoted as saying that the border would remain open but did not say for how long.
Forty-four schools have opted out since the choice became available just over a year ago.
Several unfortunate, sad and even tragic developments.
The British pound eased in London to $1.8750, from $1.8760.
But an 11 per cent rise is also predicted for personal and protective services including childcare, security, travel and catering. The overall conclusion is that white-collar, service jobs will continue to replace blue-collar, manufacturing jobs.
The cost to Mongolian heritage, however, was high.
John Freestone, a former md at Dairy Crest Foods, has been appointed chief executive of PASTA REALE.
"It's an outrage that people will be deprived of the opportunity to vote `yes' or `no' on this if the lawsuit succeeds," said Pat Fulton, spokeswoman for Florida English.
Maybe it's his age, he said, but, "I used to find flying somewhere kind of romantic.
The trouble is that no one knows if it will work.
The city's biggest and most costly security and crowd and traffic control operation was the October 1979 visit of Pope John Paul II. The two-day papal visit involved more than 13,000 city police officers and cost more than $3 million.
"The policy needed for this will be further developed."
The flap with China also is forcing Hong Kong to finally take into account the new airports under construction in the Portuguese enclave of Macao and across the Chinese border in Shenzhen.
It therefore makes sense to focus more attention on opening up foreign markets to American exports.
Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa is running a strong, thematic campaign but is prompting even some of his allies to worry that voters may tire of his superheated rhetoric.
"Even when we didn't need the workers any more, the legislation never changed and the flow of refugees increased," she said.
The company also noted that increased taxes for the quarter, caused by the retroactive elimination of the investment tax credit under the new tax laws, had hurt earnings.
They flew on board a specially configured Qantas Boeing 747-300 jet that included a mini-hospital staffed by Royal Australian Air Force surgeons in case any of the veterans became ill during the trip.
ADRs are commonly traded certificates representing shares held abroad.
U.S. District Judge A. Joe Fish said part of the problem may be the increase of lawyers in the state's largest cities.
Ulysses continued to streak through the solar system Monday on its way to Jupiter.
Before his dinner audience of leading U.S. architects, members of Congress, Supreme Court justices, diplomats and Hollywood celebrities Thursday night, Charles will have a new opportunity to express his disdain for modern architecture.
The wildcat walkouts are in support of 1,900 UMW members who are on strike against Pittston in West Virginia, Virginia and Kentucky in a contract dispute.
The annual rate could far surpass the government's 17 percent forecast.
Lotus 1-2-3's list price is $495; its discounted price is about $325.
A special tribal meeting was held Friday to discuss a possible gaming ordinance for the reservation.
The couple spent several months in a refugee camp and then came to the United States.
But now we know why.
Veteran country music star Conway Twitty is offering his tourist complex for sale for $6 million, his real estate agent says.
He said the government has established "reception centers" at 27 towns in areas bordering Bangladesh, India, China, and Thailand.
A few nations, however, have been left behind, shackled by failed ideology and failed leadership.
But Mr. Schwartz said it is difficult to account for most of that cocoa, aside from the 240,000 tons held by the International Cocoa Organization in its buffer stocks.
It was Warsaw's turn to host the annual session of the communist defense alliance founded in this Polish capital in 1955.
'It is accepted by everyone that he is a Bundesbank man,' says one central banker. Mr Kohl knows that any attempt to put overt pressure on Mr Tietmeyer is likely to be counter-productive.
Although Synergen's stock fell, the news didn't seem to disturb investors as much as analysts.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev today urged a new world order in which his country would abandon totalitarianism for democracy and discard separatist passions and nationalism.
Lyonnaise Communications, a subsidiary of Lyonnaise des Eaux, maintains equity positions in a variety of cable companies, including Paris Cable, Home Shopping Service and Channel J-Youth Channel.
Gold and energy prices rose dramatically after Panama's latest declaration of hostility against the United States; livestock and meat futures advanced; grains and soybeans were mixed.
Here's one, titled "Golf Grimace": I do not have to be a sage To know I'll never shoot my age, But what scares me from toe to pate, Is that someday I'll shoot my weight.
The higher you climb up the debt mountain the harder you may fall.
Pablo Picasso's "Famille de l'arlequin," a representation of the Cirque Medrano acrobats that characterizes the artist's Rose period, sold for $15.4 million to a U.S. dealer, she said.
The Disabled American Veterans last February forced the VA to acknowledge it had been conducting the review.
Mr. Mulroney must call an election by September 1989 but implied he'll do so much sooner.
Sumitomo Metal swung to a loss of 13.69 billion yen from a profit of 16.570 billion yen.
Besides Kidder, Peabody & Co., Burlington's traditional investment banker, the company is also understood to have retained First Boston Corp., which is known for helping companies shape defenses against hostile takeovers.
And William F. Buckley Jr. played the indispensable role of casting out the movement's Birchers, haters and conspiracy theorists.
Stuart arrived home Sunday with his mother and brother, but his father was still being held.
They roared every jump by US athletes Mike Powell and Carl Lewis in the long jump final.
"They're still coming," said Police Chief Brooks Johnson. "The wind is picking up.
"I think I'm winning," Collins said after the session, "but the point is I can't just win.
An account-holding friend once entered the Strand bank to withdraw funds, offering no identification but a name tag in his underpants.
Daniel J. Evans, a U.S. senator from Washington at the time, was in the audience.
Bhandari sued the bank in 1984, invoking a Civil War era law most often used these days to battle private bias against racial minorities.
The move by Mr. Cafiero follows a decision by Ariadne Australia Ltd., "to explore its alternatives to maximize the value of its investment in KDI."
Jon Goldman, a company spokesman, said the company acknowledges that the beer entered the sewage system and spilled into the river.
Pease's parents contacted race officials, who spotted Pease at mile 16.
They also said Contra leaders contacted the White House and several GOP senators Monday morning to declare their unanimous opposition to the plan.
In one New Delhi house, two Moslem carpenters installing new windows threatened to take Sunday off unless they were given access to the television set.
"The CFA's television rights to college football games, with the proceeds going to the schools to help support their athletic programs, have a nonprofit educational purpose." The association sells broadcast rights for 66 major colleges.
You just had to produce it and the car was sold.' In the second half of 1992, however, 'things changed dramatically', he says. 'Social and economic conditions changed.
Money gained from the sale of one option is used to pay the premium, or price, of the option purchased.
"The economy will get a false bloom of health" as consumers temporarily open their wallets, he says.
But never before has any auto maker employed the tactic on such a wide scale.
Doctors who operated on Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini said Sunday he suffered "discomfort in his heart," which was treated and relieved, Tehran television reported.
He predicted Islamic fundamentalists will gain power.
"We all had fun," said Rogers.
POLAND - There were 3,300 Poles in Kuwait and Iraq before the invasion.
The Justice Department, although unhappy with the decision of the Ohio Supreme Court last August, said the state worker compensation law has been amended and urged the high court to pass up the appeal.
FORD is encouraging its dealers to set up mobile units to service customers' cars at homes or offices as part of a strategy to regain more than Pounds 600m of after-sales and service business.
"The problem there is they have leaders like (Moammar) Gadhafi," he said. "It was not just an accident that some airplanes flew his way one day," he said referring to the 1986 bombing raid on Tripoli, Libya.
As a result, the United States stood by as the coup proceeded, Manigat said.
If the study recommendations were applied immediately, heart surgeons would suffer a 45 percent reduction in their Medicare fees and general practitioners would receive a 65 percent raise.
Cadbury has the kind of problems most other UK food manufacturers would envy.
He lags by about the same amount today.
Are you naming a price?
As of Wednesday afternoon, only one of the four had come forward.
Three male actors are less well cast.
Most are like Pamela and Thomas Witkowski.
It stunned and bewildered many churchmen.
Domkat Bali told a news conference today he resigned from the military government because of differences with Babangida.
It's hard to find a "hot" adjective that isn't getting overworked.
The two assignments represent about $38 million in annual billings.
Of the 290 employees eligible for early retirement, 113 work at the Richmond papers.
There will be only eight to 10 firefighting teams in the field at a time.
He predicted Senate ratification.
Foreign Minister Jorge Ritter said Saturday there is a "true danger" of a U.S. invasion to oust Noriega, who heads Panama's Defense Forces.
Later, the door again was thrown open, and the great ape hopped out to meet his public.
"I didn't invent this, you know," says the managing director of the property concern Hopewell Holdings Ltd. "Napoleon did."
Petr Uhl, a leading activist, told The Associated Press in Vienna that most of the dozens of others who were detained, including banned playwright Vaclav Havel, had been released.
That rule, flight attendants say, is too vague.
"He has been advised that today is his last day." Peck added that under government regulations, Sherman would have the right to appeal his dismissal to the Merit Systems Protection Board.
'I would have to protect my investment.
We are not "beleaguered."
The AF-C1 features autoloading to the first frame, a self-timer and automatic rewind.
Yeutter and Lujan also called on Congress to broaden provisions of the Endangered Species Act so that an exemption committee will have more latitude to consider the economic and social impact of protecting wildlife.
In Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, the official Saudi Press Agency said budget outlays for the world's biggest oil-exporting nation were approved at a weekly cabinet session chaired by King Fahd.
"Such a task requires from us all our courage, energy, imagination and politically creative will," said Seiters.
The travails of Lloyd's play a part: in the halcyon past many Names used to invest their annual pay outs in antiques.
Those included "At Home Abroad" in 1935, "The Show Is On" in 1936 and Coward's "Set to Music" in 1939.
However, in June 1981, Israeli warplanes bombed and destroyed an Iraqi nuclear reactor on the outskirts of the capital, Baghdad.
Load up a Little League team in a truck.
CHINA'S recent reaffirmation of its claim to the disputed Spratly islands in the South China Sea overshadowed the start of a meeting of the Association of South-East Asian Nations (Asean) in Manila yesterday.
Care is needed to ensure titles are clear. So, where to buy?
Poland's Solidarity-led government has said that it needs at least $2.5 billion in loans from Western sources to begin its program for economic liberalization.
In a 29-page report to the president on July 1, the emergency board proposed doing away with 689 brakemen's jobs, cutting one brakeman per train in most cases and both brakemen when approved by an arbitrator on a train-by-train basis.
Two freight trains collided and derailed early today, injuring 10 people, authorities said.
Other incidents are like something out of the movie "Road Warrior."
Don't know where"; "We live in Morrison Hotel"; "God bless Jim and The Doors"; "Mr.
Noting that Britain's fragmented printing industry tends to be rather short of top management, Gavron says that the company has often tended to recruit outsiders.
The firms, he said, made payments ranging from $5,000 to "the low six figures."
However, a spokeswoman said NBC would explore "more creative ways" to do them.
Estimated volume was a very heavy six million ounces.
The next announcement is expected sometime Saturday morning, when the space agency gives an exact landing time for the shuttle.
Frazee was disqualified from receiving unemployment benefits after he turned down a temporary job assignment in 1984 that would have required him to work Wednesdays through Sundays.
U.S. officials, for example, have been extremely wary about establishing broad contacts with Mr. Yeltsin.
But, as the San Francisco version makes all too clear, formality of structure cannot be so easily ignored: Storytelling is an integral part of Tchaikovsky's score and thus of his meaning.
When it came to gams, Cathy Hardwick's collection was the leggiest of the lot.
Last year, he was booed, hissed and heckled at the conference, which coincided with the height of the controversy over national curriculum tests.
"Look at our own deficit and answer that question for yourselves," DeLay said.
In New York, the pound was quoted at midday at $1.85375.
The amount of the compensation wasn't disclosed, but individuals in the industry said it was probably $10 million to $15 million.
Wildmon says the intent seemed to be to "show that cocaine helps one overcome feeling `down'." Calling abortion the "No.
Prices for the faq grades again went up considerabely.
Henry replaced Graham Beachum, hired on at Dell from Tandy Corp. Beachum left last year following a bitter dispute with Dell over most areas of the business.
Intel Corp. purchased a big block of its shares from IBM for $361.6 million, reflecting the chip maker's return to health.
"Danes either identified with Spies or the priest," says Gunther Weirup, a West German aerospace executive who is familiar with both concerns.
The U.S. Agriculture Department cited dry weather on the Plains in May when it reported that farmers were harvesting an estimated 1.57 billion bushels of winter wheat.
Increased unit production will put pressure on employment, which is already historically high; you will import inflation because, as imports become more expensive, your industry will become free to raise prices.
UAL's pilot leaders raised the possibility that the unions' buy-out effort might fail, forcing a resumption of conventional labor negotiations.
"The majority of ours are not hardened criminals," Frederick says. "They don't need to be exposed to that type of people." Some former inmates even come back to say hello occasionally.
The witching hour, which falls on the third Friday of March, June, September and December, was often a turbulent occasion for the market in years past.
Anantha Raman, an industry analyst who has criticized Mr. Giacco's extended tenure, says, "If I were one of (the Hercules or Himont top executives), I'd be annoyed by the chairman hanging on and not letting them run the companies."
The Dutch salvage company Smit Tak said workers plugged a 60- by 90-foot hole in Khark 5's port side.
It also features a plot of sorts, but we cannot expect you to find that when even critics with helpful Press handouts are powerless to do so.
His telephone number is unpublished, and he could not be reached for comment.
An English-language all-news channel and a feature film channel are expected to be launched in February 1989, joining News International's existing general entertainment channel, Murdoch told a news conference.
Taking the cue, I gallop offstage on a stickhorse.
SAB was steady at R91.
Shops will continue renting music issued in 1991.
E-II Holdings isn't a particularly euphonious name for a company.
But he decided not to fight, and so the Central Americans have decided not to fight.
Mann was shot down six times by Nazi forces as a Royal Air Force pilot in World War II.
The Navy will review his plea agreement before deciding on Berlin's employment status, said Lt.
Toivo said Perez de Cuellar denied in a meeting on Tuesday night that U.N. officials had authorized the move.
But the U.S.-backed Afghan resistance wants Najibullah to relinquish power before it comes to the negotiating table.
But Carhart has little experience in politics and is a virtual unknown in Massachusetts.
In an interview, Mr. Pisello says he never did anything wrong.
Generally, the studios in the rerun fight have appealed to members of Congress, who are big beneficiaries of Hollywood's campaign contributions.
In addition, a statuatory fee of about $6 million will be deducted by the U.S. government, the company said.
There were no reports of injuries or damage in the sparsely populated area.
Equity funds that invest in Australia and Hong Kong, whose markets were among the hardest-hit by the world crash, dominated the losers' list for both the last quarter and the year.
The surplus had been estimated at about Pounds 90m, although under Inland Revenue rules, only about Pounds 38m would be available.
Independent of Congress, several local phone companies already are introducing plans to block calls to porn and gab lines because of complaints by subscribers.
"I don't think anybody's going to feel this was the wrong thing to do," Corpus Christi Mayor Betty Turner said of the evacuation in her town, where thousands of residents crowded into shelters.
Nobel Industrier, formed three years ago, inherited a legacy of troublesome paradoxes.
Baxter Travenol rose 3/4 to 24.
Dorothy Lamour, Alice Faye, Vincent Price, Tony Cyd Charisse and Charles "Budrs were among the Hollywood pioneers ready to sing and even dance a few steps.
These high-rolling individuals have even more leverage to negotiate special rates than they did a year ago.
Grunseth's replacement, Arne Carlson, chose Joanell Dyrstad as his running mate.
The phrase "one settler, one bullet," refers to killing whites.
White and black were worked in with similar tying on of various sleeves, cowls, collars and skirt shapes - sometimes in stiffened white linen with drawstrings.
CONTACTS and capital are the key pre-requisites for getting deals in Southern China, and New World Development has both in abundance.
Rep. Fortney Stark (D., Calif.), chairman of the health subcommittee of the House Ways and Means Committee, adds, "The doctors have not stepped up to the bar with the rest of us to save money."
Hugh A. Johnson, 34, of the House Select Committee on Hunger.
State Attorney General Robert Abrams said West was one of 12 investigators on the Brawley case, but was taken off the case Monday.
Also yesterday, the Bank Board said the federal appeals court in Dallas upheld its authority to freeze the assets of six former officers and directors of a defunct thrift, Vernon Savings & Loan Association, Vernon, Texas.
At the time, one network called and threatened not to run the spots, but reluctantly agreed to air them, Mr. Grady recalls.
Democratic Party diplomacy was on display last weekend in San Jose, Costa Rica, where the heads of the Central American governments were meeting to discuss progress on the "peace plan" they signed in August.
We have some detailed information." Aukrust said about a third of the rescued passengers and crew have been questioned so far.
Let's do something that's going to hopefully have results.
Thus, he starts with a ten-page biography of Bull which might have come out of the FT; he paints a professional picture of Operation Storm.
The administration also said it opposed capping ad time, saying that limits could hold down revenues and perhaps even defeat the purpose of the bill.
She declined to give any details on the value or the weight of the crack Bush displayed, suggesting that such details might further serve to alert the dealer.
'The whole market place is worth nearly Dollars 1bn (Pounds 714m),' says Tim Kenealy, general manager of Siemens Empros, which has a share of around 20 per cent.
The boat people, who were met by about 30 friends and relatives, spent the night at a makeshift reception center near the Vietnamese capital's airport, the report said.
"If you believe that a good performance next year is contingent on an acceleration of revenue, there isn't a lot here to base optimism on."
The East bloc nation continued to shock the world Friday by announcing the Berlin Wall would be opened in sections this weekend to create more border crossing points.
He said more than $1 million has already been raised for that effort, and four large fund-raising events, at $10,000 per couple, are planned for June.
The state had threatened a takeover of the entire company.
As the day of execution draws near, so do the shadows of doubt about Mr. Johnson's guilt.
That is how I think the 48-hour rule must be considered.
The method eliminates the time- and energy-consuming steps of cooling the slabs to room temperature to be inspected, cleaned of surface defects and reheated.
In addition, she received a 50 percent interest in a trust fund that had been set up for her mother by her husband, the late Loyal Davis.
They said the loss of communications complicated efforts to assess the damage and casualties.
He was acquitted in 1976 in California in the beating and stabbing death of his girlfriend's father.
Port of Baltimore figures show that between 1982 and 1988, its share of Midwest-bound freight dwindled from 18 percent to 10 percent while Norfolk's climbed from 6 percent to 9 percent.
In 1990, 72 per cent of Canada's trade was with the US.
These are the great ones, the Warner Bros. Looney Tunes-Merrie Melodies classics that will keep you in stitches with clever lines, biting satire and unrivaled cartoon artwork.
Of the seven rebels captured, only Baylosis did not appear at the news conference Wednesday.
In real life, it's a breeding ranch in Forney, 20 miles east of Dallas.
Seventeen such suits have been filed in recent months, with federal courts ruling against some of the plaintiffs and issuing injunctions against the assessments in some other cases.
The defense, in a memorandum filed by Goldberg, asked for a one-year sentence with early parole and a term of public service.
He didn't have any fixed idea of how learning should go.
Would you believe a bold new attempt to break the record for the world's longest conga line?
They are seeking their party's nomination to challenge incumbent Republican William V. Roth Jr., who is seeking a fourth term.
And with another plant opening next year, the company aims to sell 800,000 vehicles annually in Japan in several years.
When the 26 children first came to America, about two-thirds did not speak English, Oliver said.
The former rebels are also demanding that Mrs. Chamorro deliver the resettlement aid she promised to demobilized Contras, who waged a nearly 10-year guerrilla war with U.S. backing against the Sandinistas.
The company already operates oil wells and a refinery in Sicily.
Baker called Gorbachev's proposal "very interesting," but said at a news conference Friday night in Moscow the Bush administration could not reply without consulting the allies.
Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev launched a tough anti-drinking campaign in 1985 that included a reduction in vodka production and stiff price increases for liquor.
Secretary Baker has been warning in recent days that too sharp a decline in the dollar could prove self-defeating because it might impede the ability of West Germany and Japan to grow rapidly enough to absorb more U.S. products.
The conservatives appear to have toppled moderate Communist Party leader Zhao Ziyang, who reportedly is under house arrest.
In contrast to West Germany, Japan is seen easing its policy slightly since the Bank of Japan trimmed its one-month, two-month and three-month bill discount rates last week, thus eliminating some of the downward pressure on the dollar against the yen.
The effect would be similar in other states that haven't revised their taxes.
Old hands in the oil sector also recalled a failed market raid by Gas on Lasmo in the late 1980s.
"Anybody who says the president pulled the plug is completely and totally wrong," said White House Chief of Staff Howard Baker.
Leaders "should resign without any delay" to make way for a new Politburo and government to carry out reforms, said the newspaper Junge Welt, organ of the Communist youth organization.
But as the fashion for emerging country shares spreads ever wider, nagging worries surface about the risk of overkill. On technical grounds such concern looks premature.
The viral genes become part of the cell's genetic machinery and pervert the cell into making new viruses, often killing the cell in the process.
Cambodian guerrillas claimed they overran three key government positions today in a major attack to retake a strategic northwestern town destroyed in recent months by seesaw fighting.
Nor do Republicans owe their gains to President Reagan's enormous popularity in the region or to a realigning issue.
The rights are exercisable if a party acquires 15% of Macmillan or if the party announces an offer to acquire 30% or more of the company.
France is still run by socialists, albeit of the market-friendly variety, and faces its own elections within a year or so. One snag is the British trade gap.
Nevertheless, the sheer volume of toxic substances, representing more than 300 chemicals, including an assortment known to cause cancer and other serious illnesses, took government officials by surprise.
Founded in March 1988, Nomura was founded by Nomura Securities Co., Japan's largest securities firm, and Babcock & Brown, a San Francisco-based investment banker.
By late morning, he was under interrogation in the capital's rambling Regina Coeli prison on the banks of the Tiber. It was a sobering experience.
Overall, general merchandise inventories rose 2.2 percent.
Its disappearance last week helped push prices lower.
Miss Ward's father, Suffolk hotelier John Ward, has pressed for a continued investigation into his daughter's murder and Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi requested British assistance during a private visit to London last month.
The set-up costs can be quite high, because of legal and professional fees incurred in selecting, acquiring and restructuring a suitable existing trust, as well as the actual cost of buying it.
"You can't attract outsiders and say, `By the way, we expect you to take a cut from whatever you were paid,'" he says.
The ministry asked Turcel to "convey the condolences of the Syrian government to the Turkish government and the families of the victims in this painful incident."
Such action had been expected on May 31 _ timed for Gorbachev's summit visit to the United States _ but the vote apparently has been postponed.
The request was submitted on January 12, subsequently forcing him to quit as party leader. The requests yesterday concerned the least significant allegations of corruption in Rome and for violating laws on the financing of political parties.
Liabilities include an offstage ball that sounds as if the St Petersburg Philharmonic has moved in upstairs and an inert Krogstad (Nick Reding) of pure Norwegian wood.
The FCC allowed the rates to take effect, but launched an investigation of the tactic.
Dozens were left homeless.
"The Chinese leaders have to decide whether they want control or whether the want exports," says Mr. Kwan of Playmates.
In a pending civil case brought by the SEC, Mr. Brennan and First Jersey are charged with securities fraud.
The Social Security count against Mr. Lareau is a felony, punishable by maximum penalties of five years in prison and $6,000 in fines.
Perez De Cuellar made the comments Friday at a dinner in his honor shortly after his arrival in Albania, the last hard-line Communist nation in Eastern Europe.
It said those moves will "enhance shareholder value by building on Polaroid's historic strengths."
In the case of "Ghost," that would mean starting on pay cable in late summer or early fall, though Paramount says it isn't locked into a date.
Income definitions that included all government benefits, on the other hand, produced sizeable reductions in the poverty rates although some groups still were characterized by high rates.
Washington has has withheld fees for use of the Panama Canal since March 1988, has stopped payment of taxes on salaries of Panama Canal Commission employees and has frozen Panamanian government funds in American banks.
It is five hours later than Eastern Standard Time and four hours ahead of Eastern Daylight Time.
And the private insurance sector spent 11 times as much per dollar of claims paid as the Canadian national health care system, according to a report by the group, Citizen Action.
"I can't create bull markets for us but I can bring in new products," says Mr. Rothberg, who advocates "cooperating" with other exchanges in developing them.
Has the stock market, for example, already had its correction, disquised from popular view by a rather slight decline in the DJ average?
Last year, Japan's major companies raised nearly 25 trillion yen (US$164.23 billion) of funds through equity sales.
Most important, he has avoided a humiliating defeat in the state that eight years ago provided him with his largest margin of victory.
"That universe is very hard to increase," he says. "People like to see and feel what they buy." Others disagree.
Allen said his job has been made easier this year because Mrs. Reagan had most of the departing couple's furniture packed up and sent in October to their California residence.
"At first, they agreed to go (abroad).
She expects it to be valued at 85.75 U.S. cents at the end of 1991, compared with the 80 to 82 cents predicted by most economists.
But until those outbursts of illiquidity are tamed to a greater degree, it seems unlikely that individuals will reverse their long-term trend and return to direct ownership of stocks.
It follows a decision by the central bank to lower interest rates on business loans, also by 1.26 percentage points, on March 21.
The concern was prompted by unusually frigid weather in many parts of the United States as well as refinery problems, including a fire and explosion at a huge Exxon refinery in December that closed the facility for several days.
Nearly 25,000 people died in alcohol-related traffic accidents in the United States last year.
"This represents another serious violation," Ms. Petovar said.
The second instalment, payable in March 1994, will be 140p.
"The person most probably is not involved in the incident, but we would very much would like to talk to him in an effort to eliminate him and pursue other investigative avenues," Petersen said.
I want to be fair to myself, my family, my reputation, and I want to be fair to this institution that I've served for 34 years," the Texas Democrat told reporters.
The unit markets about 100 brands of liquors, wines and imported beers, including Wild Turkey bourbon, Jose Cuervo tequila, and Inglenook and Lancers wines.
Colombian national police said they started proceedings Tuesday to extradite him.
Western diplomats in the Ivory Coast capital of Abidjan said last week government troops had killed 500 civilians since the fighting began.
Districts to the north are reluctant to take the waste, as are neighbouring states.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Multifoods shares fell 37.5 cents to $30.625 in heavy trading.
GTG Entertainment, the Tinker-Gannett partnership, was formed in 1987.
The country's main religions, Buddhism and Shintoism, do not condemn abortion and it carries no social stigma.
Police said both men showed signs of torture.
In sessions Saturday morning and afternoon, the delegates dealt with widely divergent proposals presented Friday on how to resolve the war in Angola and end South African rule in Namibia, conference sources said.
Brash, unsuitable ties - penguin and teddy bear motifs seem popular - remain the norm. The colour is still to be found, but you have to look increasingly hard to spot it.
Kevorkian said he persuaded her to try an experimental drug treatment in Seattle in an attempt to put the disease into remission.
Returning to Burma, Ne Win and his comrades fought first alongside the Japanese against the British, but then turned against their teachers after realizing that Japan would also colonize rather than liberate the Burmese.
But the Kansas Republican also warned that if terrorists carry out their threat to murder hostage Joseph Cicippio, the United States will use military retaliation.
LeMond fell behind early in the three-week, 2,112-mile race and trailed by nearly 10 minutes at the midway stage.
Shortly after that, a federal judge in St. Louis granted a stay of execution for his accomplice.
In a separate report, the Commerce Department said that business inventories in June rose 0.7% while business sales were up a sharp 1.5%.
"We can help with professional advice, and they help with media planning and buying." The maneuver doesn't involve any exchange of equity or cash and is a more cautious version of the health-care acquisitions by McCann's big competition.
The taxpayers who have to pay exorbitant rates to borrow money from banks are lending banks money at the lowest government rate.
But he did not telegraph to skeptical liberals or to newly wary conservatives just where he would stand on the questions awaiting the closely divided court - matters including abortion, civil rights and criminal justice.
Pioneer Hi-Bred International Inc. reported that earnings for its third quarter ended May 31 rose slightly from a year earlier.
In a recent seven days he appeared at more than 25 public events, most linked to voter-registration drives.
Mulford said the failure to produce a timetable was likely to fuel protectionist moves in Congress.
But it will probably means that after increasing this year, the surplus will not fall by much in 1992 or thereafter.
Production there is expected to reach 320,000 vehicles this year and 360,000 in 1988.
Since winning election last year, Duke says he has moderated his stand.
Based in Shanghai from 1931 to 1939, he kept the agency's China service operating after the Japanese invasion in 1932.
"The human suffering and anguish can never be compensated, but we can attempt to deal to the extent possible with the physical and economic losses," said Cranston, the Senate Majority whip.
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles.
And profit margins have improved from the second quarter."
"Case production is at an all-time high, and the quality of cases is far better than before." The enforcement staff grew 210% from 1986 to 1990.
Those are easy to identify from their burlap wrappings.
Nearly two-thirds of the 14.5 million in this group are women. They are older than the national average, are more likely to be minorities and have the lowest income levels.
In Britain, wool represents only between 5 and 10 per cent of a sheep's market value.
The news was interpreted as a fresh signal that the economy was beginning to lose the momentum that has created upward pressure on inflation and interest rates in recent months.
Moriarty also presides over two other nearby refuges, neither of them open to the public.
Nickens asked Friday after a jury convicted Barry of a single cocaine-possession charge and acquitted him of another, with a mistrial declared on a dozen other counts.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Munford closed at $28.625, up 25 cents.
Her husband died in 1965.
His parents, September and Stanley Toungate, were told the ponytail did not comply with the school's dress code.
If our critics were true to the free-speech principles they profess, they would be engaging in that debate.
With traditional insurance, a victim must sue somebody to determine who caused the accident and whose insurance must pay.
Wedtech won about $494 million in defense contracts starting in 1975 by falsely portraying itself as a minority-owned small business, the government charged.
The church is a few blocks from the Gdansk Shipyard where he led strikes in 1980 and 1988 that ultimately changed the political face of Poland.
Continuing inflation fears.
China has tried to blacklist French makers over the sale of Mirage jets to Taiwan last year. Both Airbus and Boeing want Chinese sales to plug the gap in aircraft deliveries over the next two to three years until profits at western airlines recover.
Georgia-Pacific attorney Stuart J. Baskin in turn accused Great Northern of "pandering to the poor people in Maine" through an unfair motion that has no basis in law.
"The best test of whether or not something is likely to be deemed publicly traded is if you can buy or sell it easily," Mr. Shine says.
NBC's Connie Chung grabbed an exclusive interview with young Kennedy as he left the podium.
Beth Perry, a spokeswoman for CISPES who attended the founding conference in Los Angeles, acknowledged in a recent interview that Handal did attend the meeting.
Mr. Weinstein oversees the financial affairs of the company with an annual budget of $24 million.
The small growth in expenses comes as the so-called super-regional continues to assimilate the banks it has acquired.
That allegedly allowed Mr. Cotter and affiliated companies to sell Valley Federal stock at an inflated price before the thrift's stock price plummeted after substantial losses were made public.
In the eye of the hurricane whipped up by the bidding stood the unassuming Hugel, who is described by those who know him as an innovative businessman who quietly tackles goals that some will only talk about.
In a sport noted for its competitiveness, Metzger's moxie is legendary: As a teen he underwent knee surgery two weeks before a junior-national meet, ran three miles a day on his crutches, and then took off his cast to win.
'The gap between expectations and delivery is so large, and unless donors get together to deliver, the peace process will fail.
There is also likely to be caution over the possible closure of Alcan's Kitimat smelter, as 275,000 tonnes of capacity is threatened by possible strike action on Friday.
The present public monopoly must not be transformed into a private monopoly, he added.
As they did in Chile and Argentina, these groups should be insisting on a full accounting.
Each refers to a primary combat resource - in the case of Flesh, horses.
"But the action has not even started yet in Europe." Mr. Magnus, like many other analysts, warns investors not to expect foreign currency to lift international bonds this year.
They are betting some $20 billion of institutional customers' money on the approach.
"We are waiting for an Arab League decision, an Arab League action.
Haik has said that if the industry implements its voluntary program, he would push for repeal of the law.
The city's school board has upheld a five-day suspension of Principal Joe Clark by a 7-1 vote, with the dissenting vote from a commissioner who wanted the flamboyant principal dismissed.
Continental Health made an unsuccessful bid for Healthdyne last year, offering as much as $7 a share, or $105 million, for the company.
Yet while millions of families and businesses have benefited from falling interest rates over the last three years, many of these people feel that they have lost out again.
The pair said they hoped to travel south of Passau to resettle in Bavaria.
The situation has worsened, he noted, with the passage of new laws this month imposing stiff fines or jail terms on anyone circulating any documents deemed anti-Communist.
Florendo told reporters that the 10 denied planning any attacks.
Chai, 23, wore a pink shirt and sat at a table with white flowers and a candle to commemorate those who died in the pro-democracy movement.
It shall give notice of its decision to the other Party six months prior to withdrawal from the Treaty.
Japanese writer Kazuo Ishiguro won the 1989 Booker Prize, Britain's top literary award, for his novel "The Remains of the Day," judges announced Thursday.
On other markets, grain and soybean futures were mostly higher, precious metals climbed, copper rallied, and livestock and pork futures rose sharply.
"Some of the suppliers have been slow," said one Air Force official, adding that the full withholding of monthly payments will likely prompt Northrop to crack down on the subcontractors.
This step-by-step method is "the best answer anybody's come up with yet" to ensure food safety, Joseph Hotchkiss, an associate professor of food chemistry and toxicology at Cornell University said during a telephone interview Tuesday.
Now there are banks operated by women that lend money at a burgeoning pace to women who are opening shops, cooperatives and small businesses.
Vietnamese leaders said they falsified the date of Ho Chi Minh's death and changed portions of his will, putting the leader's body on display in a glass mausoleum when his initial wish was to be cremated.
Legislative leaders said it would be passed Wednesday.
But the debate over disposal continues.
An officer known as the oldest rookie in the force died today of injuries from a shootout that left another man mortally wounded, marking the fourth fatal attack on Dallas police this year, authorities said.
Bush says he will ask Congress to pump $25 million a year for four years into the YES to America Foundation to help provide matching grants for service projects.
The horses then are offered for adoption by the public for $125 each.
The Inquisitors have one big problem with the exonerating Justice report.
At Foote Cone, Mr. Weber will head the Chicago office's creative department; at Y&R, he reported to executive creative director Helayne Spivak, who came in above him just last fall.
"We believe that West Germany can play a leading role in making modernization possible in the Soviet Union," said Reinhard Krause, an Economics Ministry spokesman.
The parents, of Frederick, about 40 miles west of Baltimore, asked that their names and other information about the babies not be released.
Hefner, 63, had hinted recently that he and his bride were going to have a child.
Officers noted that the bottle seals had obviously been broken and the caps simply screwed back on.
Even sure perennials such as the Boston Tea Party Ship and Museum suffered.
Owens, 54, the fundamentalist pastor of the Santee-based Bible Missionary Fellowship, pleaded guilty to charges of witness tampering and willfully concealing knowledge of the bombing attempt from authorities.
The company acknowledged telling analysts that sales for stores open at least one year, which fell 10% for the three months ended in May, remained weak in June, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.
Asked if it would be enough, he said, "Can't tell.
"The numbers are all negotiable," presidential press secretary Marlin Fitzwater said Wednesday after announcing a White House plan to give Poland an additional $200 million to help restructure its ailing economy.
Newton-John and business partner Pat Farrar have 15 stores that feature Australian products and their own line of clothing.
But the six said any change in U.S. policy must be done from a position of strength.
A total of 62 Democratic delegates were at stake in the two contests.
GE said its plan to restate the fourth-quarter results reflects the adoption of a new rule requiring that deferred-tax balances be determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid.
Akopyan was suffering from pneumonia and was in a weakened condition, Shakhbazyan said.
The economy has been weakening for several months, noted Charles Stone, senior economist with Congress' Joint Economic Committee. "No one is talking about a really severe recession but this oil situation makes things a little bit worse," he said.
For Pearson, which publishes Britain's Financial Times and has other publishing and investment banking interests, the success provides some good news after a series of disappointments.
I missed the roar of the crowd and the loudness after a while.
The banks are investing tens of millions of dollars in improving computer systems. The banks say that still further de-regulation is necessary before interest spreads fall.
McFarlane's testimony followed a temporary halt in the trial this morning as North's lawyers tried to introduce classified material while cross-examining the former national security official.
"Any aircraft can only have one captain, and we had two: Ben Abruzzo and Maxie Anderson," he said.
IPCE is to spend its $1.5 million for such activities as supporting poll watchers and checking voter registration lists.
It is too early to tell." Scotland Yard said a forensic team from its anti-terrorist squad had been called in to help investigate.
North made the alterations, a year after McFarlane had first asked him to do so.
Overnight letters will go out at once to the news media and others, followed by press releases the following Monday.
Four people have been charged with first-degree manslaughter in the Ecclesia case, and the Oregon Children's Services Division has taken more than 50 children into protective custody.
He predicted that Citicorp will become "a tougher negotiator" and that the move "make it harder to muscle Citicorp."
The IFC's commitment consists of a $40 million loan from the IFC's own account and a loan of up to $60 million to be obtained from participating commercial banks.
Because of an error by the Associated Press, the percentage figure was misstated in an earlier article about Latin American countries struggling with inflation.
The company also purchased about 20 million of its shares.
Dr. Ellsaesser is an atmospheric scientist formerly with the U.S. Air Force and then a senior scientist with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
Louisiana also ranked among the top five states in all categories, while California had the highest volume of releases into water.
PAs, who must work under a doctor's supervision, tackle about 70% of typical medical procedures, such as physical exams and patient histories, freeing up doctors for more complex tasks.
"In all the years I've been in Washington, I've never known anybody who's been more honest than Dan Wall.
Between January and November 1985, 55,000 Kurds were victimized by forcible deportation.
The agency didn't suggest an amount of the discount, but said the Postal Service should study the costs and come up with an amount.
Minorco said Hudson Bay and Inspiration haven't been able to acquire the financing needed to complete US$160 million of modifications at Hudson Bay's Flin Flon copper smelter and zinc treatment plant in northern Manitoba.
Pan American World Airways also is trying to prove that Israel warned U.S. authorities about an impending terrorist attack on Flight 103.
The Army particularly sought specialists, such as engineers or people familiar with transit systems or sanitation programs.
Already nearly 100 franchisees have been dropped, on the ground that they didn't meet the company's standards.
In addition, many restaurants and stores have closed.
In an ABC-TV interview aired Thursday, Saddam said Iraq favors a peace that it "comprehensive, complete and final."
'It was a tradition in the NHS that if anyone told you that you were over budget, the first thing you did was question the accuracy of their information.
Consumers may be perking up, but they are not going to buy fleets of 747s.
Poco had cited the merger as a chance to expand its operations and achieve a critical mass in some areas of its exploration and development activities.
In addition to the Swan and Dolphin, four hotels are under construction at Disney World.
"The commission's application of competition law must aim at maintaining competition," the document says.
John Locke and John Stuart Mill would say yes, but there is no reason for a judge in this country to reach for natural-law philosophy to protect these rights.
Milacron's sales in 1987 will rise 10% from the $850 million of 1986, Mr. Geier estimated.
The transaction, which is subject to various conditions and approvals, is expected to be completed by May 31, Damon said.
The White House described the Soviet withdrawal from Afghanistan today as a "welcome first step," and expressed the hope the entire force will be gone by the end of the year.
The small chateau is owned by the Belgian government, which uses it for Cabinet meetings or international conferences.
Bank of New York had hoped that a victory in the proxy fight would enable it to remove Irving's anti-takeover measure and merge the two banks.
No full explanation is given for the fall in profits during the early 1950s, nor the static results during the rest of the decade. During the later period, some figures stand out.
But since then symphony officials have said they faced a $985,000 shortfall.
"Tonight, Connecticut voters across all ideological lines _ and an overwhelming margin of blue-collar voters _ gave a resounding endorsement of the Dukakis bid for the presidency," the campaign statement said.
They are unlikely to win a medal, but there are encouraging signs.
ISC was founded in 1977 and its products serve more than 2,700 financial institutions, employing 1,700 worldwide.
The depression-era system had grown familiar, and residents greeted the change with mixed emotions.
On Tuesday, hours before the parliament was to vote on the Cabinet, Khamenei's office said Musavi's resignation was turned down.
He charged that the Fed loans, which are repaid by the FDIC if the bank fails, amount to a "backdoor bailout of failing banks." The committee's findings showed, for example, that 377 banks that received long-term credit from the Fed eventually failed.
However, there is expansion in China and other fast-growing economies. Bank of Tokyo last month received approval from the Vietnamese government to open a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City.
Brokers said profit-taking pushed the shares of the two auto manufacturers lower.
The agreement collapsed April 24 when Judge Holland rejected the fine as inadequate and criticizing other aspects of the settlement.
The warning against swimming could last for months and possibly affect the spring tourist season, said Wayne Fanning of the Department of Health and Environmental Control.
The government spent more than $1 million too much on no-bid contracts to put the green and the black in the nation's greenbacks, according to a congressional report released Thursday.
The total value is about $4 trillion, compared with about $3 trillion for New York Stock Exchange-listed companies.
Some GM officials, however, say Grand Am prices should rise even further to reflect the addition of standard anti-skid brakes and other features.
Changing course burns more fuel by adding distance.
The market opened a fraction stronger and then proceeded to climb steadily throughout the day, pausing only intermittently on signs of limited profit-taking.
"Even unimportant documents taken inadvertently may have the impact of a smoking gun," he says.
The three-day freeze, which ruined much of the south Texas citrus crop and dumped snow on Houston, killed thousands of fish along the Texas coast.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Lowe's shares closed at $20.875, down 37.5 cents.
Caruso subsequently founded Maine Aviation Corp. in Portland.
Seven weeks after her arrest, former Miss America Bess Myerson changed her plea to guilty to charges that she shoplifted jewelry, cosmetics and other items from a South Williamsport discount store.
Included in the unit's sector is the the Fulda Gap, a traditional wartime invasion route through central Germany.
In an alpine meadow flushed purple with blooming lupines, Stone gazes at a horizon of sawtoothed peaks and tries to explain her love for the land.
And are you confident that you'll get him? A: I've been frustrated that he's been in power this long _ extraordinarily frustrated.
It would pay the deferred consideration; increase the working capital for the enlarged group; and improve the marketability of the shares.
The Bank Board subsequently approved Citicorp's offer for the thrift, which the company operates as Citicorp Savings of Washington.
He is expected to tell the board that, just as in any settlement, each side is getting a little bit of what it wants.
As an example, Tellalov said, no publicity was given a resolution the commission adopted in July urging the government to determine who was responsible for bloody suppression of protests by ethnic Turks two months earlier.
He is highly critical of sending federal anti-drug aid to states and forcing cities to compete for assistance and wait longer for aid.
Voice of the People said that although the president will continue to be a Maronite Catholic, his powers will be curtailed.
Under Texas law, Bentsen is able to run simultaneously for both the Senate and vice president.
One should have thought lamb a more pascal dish; when the meat is young and tender.
Cooper never endeared himself to his public in the way that turned Alcott, Hawthorne and Thoreau into tourism industries in New England, he said.
The official said it would be difficult to carry out a major air strike in the Persian Gulf without overflight or landing rights from friendly nations in the region.
Divisions within guerrilla ranks, however, could prolong a civil war that already has ravaged the country for nearly 11 years.
The program will be presented to donor countries and contributors next month, he said.
But Democrats think they have a long-shot chance in the late Mississippi Rep. Smith's district, especially if state Attorney General Mike Moore runs.
Shell firefighters were handling the blaze.
Oversupply of the chemical has depressed methanol prices in the past few years, the company said.
But he said the turn of world events created an opportunity tailor-made for the Democratic Party.
The market mood improved on the relative strength of the yen, lower short-term domestic interest rates and higher bond prices, traders said.
The walk was the highlight of celebrations marking the bicentennial of the Declaration of the Rights of Man.
It was the 55th Trident 1 launch since 1977 and the 30th from a submerged submarine, Illingworth said.
They are also committed to an increase of only 3.4 per cent next year.
Mr Purves towers over the Hongkong Bank: nothing of importance happens without his personal approval.
Tank-led army troops ended the revolt in nine days.
"On the date of the trial, she failed to appear after assuring the state that she would," Larsen wrote in a motion to hold the woman as a material witness.
"I want to be sure that as I go forward with recommendations to the president that they are recommendations that will stand the test of time," Sullivan said.
Police also reported wounding a black man when they fired a shotgun at a stone-throwing group of blacks in Bongelethu, a black township near Oudtshoorn in western Cape province.
"That's when I found characters in the Bible that I could really use," he says.
After taking a few steps with Mrs. Bush, he stopped abruptly and announced: "That's it.
She said she was wounded but because of fear, no neighbor came to help.
"By June, we'll be ready to roll that plan out," he says.
The National Association of Realtors said existing single-family homes were sold at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 3.71 million units in November, compared to an October sales pace of 3.67 million units.
According to two sources familiar with Guangdong affairs, Beijing leaders last month offered Ye Xuanping, Guangdong's governor, a more-senior post in the capital.
Among major oil producing states, Oklahoma lost six rigs, Wyoming's count was down by five and Texas had a decrease of four. New Mexico and California each lost two, and Colorado lost one.
Mr Andrew Teare, chief executive of English China Clays, goes further: 'What happened this week heightened the attraction of investing overseas.' It might be argued that managers are not always at their best when wrestling with macro-economic concepts.
South Korea's economy, aided by brisk exports, grew an inflation-adjusted 12.5% in 1986, the largest increase in 10 years, the Bank of Korea said.
The EA6-B "Prowler" took off from the aircraft carrier USS Constellation late Sunday and was declared overdue early Monday, prompting a sea and air search, said Navy spokesman Lt.
Heavily overmanned and producing goods no-one wants to buy, they have built up huge stockpiles and massive debts.
It said the plane was attacked about 15 miles from a wall that Morocco built in the Western Sahara to keep rebels from penetrating farther north into Morocco.
Bryson continues to weigh seeking board representation to influence Cenergy's management and policies or to obtain control of the company, the filing added.
You connect bands with parades.
The program also covers soybean sales in the Middle East, where Argentina is a major seller.
The idea's supporters include EC Commission President Jacques Delors, according to EC sources.
About 100,000 people were expected to apply for amnesty through the Houston office by May 4, twice the number initially predicted.
Unless the tax burden on the economy is lowered, the supply of knowledge, labor and capital will be withheld from the expanding part of our industry, and our growth performance will continue to decline.
Chrysler Corp. says it will shift production of all its Dodge Aries and Plymouth Reliant K-cars from the United States to Mexico.
The federal jury on Wednesday acquitted Mrs. Helmsley, 69, of the most serious charge against her, conspiring to extort payoffs from vendors.
He said that after a Jewish settler was killed in the West Bank in June, soldiers came to his house, broke the porch lights and smashed a front window.
Eldon Kirsch, District 33 president of the United Steelworkers of America in Duluth, said the rebound has been made possible by wage concessions and job consolidation.
Webb asked North if he could recall the late CIA Director William Casey telling him "the ball is in your hands" after Congress shut off funds for the rebels.
The association said that in 1986, an estimated 978,500 Americans died from heart attacks, strokes and other diseases of the heart and blood vessels.
Rep. Florio decried what he said was a "secret deal" representing more "a retreat than a victory."
Also, the Senate confirmed the nomination of Eugene Lawson, who has held several high-ranking posts in the State, Commerce and Labor departments, to be the Export-Import Bank's first vice president.
It might be possible, he said, to use gravitational lenses _ areas in space in which gravity bends light in the same way that a magnifying glass does _ to see small, faint stars in the dark halo, if they exist.
But that machine won't be available until late next year, and IBM's workstation fortunes aren't likely to revive before then.
We're not talking about closing factories.
The index initially fell, but the day's reversal was largely attributed to bargain hunting by institutions with considerable cash.
He is survived by a sister, Ailes Spinden of Santa Fe, N.M.
"Your support for our struggle gave hope, strength, and encouragement to our people," he said.
In other words, a single mother working for the minimum wage and paying $40 a week for a babysitter would be eligible for a $980 tax credit _ in cash if necessary _ rather than the $624 deduction from taxes due under current law.
Is it the spectre of resurgent inflation?
"The hardest costumes in `Grand Hotel' were the secretaries'," he says. "Historically, those uniforms were not very attractive, and I wanted the girls to look terrific and be very individual.
But two, Foreign Minister Shimon Peres and Ezer Weizman, a Cabinet minister without portfolio, publicly expressed displeasure with the assassination, fearing it could kill U.S.-backed peace efforts and fuel greater Arab extremism.
It ended with security forces beating civilians and hurling canisters of tear gas.
On Thursday, Secretary of Health and Human Services Louis Sullivan recommended immediate Food and Drug Administration approval of AZT for treating people who carried the AIDS antibodies even if they had no symptoms of the disease.
From an additional 300 patients, mostly referrals from three doctors, including Dr. Cheney, who regularly treat chronic fatigue, the same test turned up positive in 160 cases.
More than 15,000 Israelis, Palestinians and Europeans joined hands Saturday to call for peace, but police fired tear gas and rubber bullets after some chanted pro-Palestinian slogans and allegedly waved the banned Palestinian flag.
After the Supreme Soviet adjourned for the day, Inter-Regional Group members caucused in a Kremlin sideroom dominated by a painting of Soviet founder Vladimir Lenin haranguing a crowd on Red Square.
Any move by the group depends on factors including market conditions and the group's evaluation of the company's business and financial affairs.
The decision to sell new equipment to the Saudis sets the stage for a debate May 9, when the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is due to hold a hearing on the nomination of Walter Cutler to be ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
The judge who sentenced the Sharpeville Six to hang said Monday he would not reopen their murder trial, but he gave the convicts 35 days to appeal for clemency from President P.W. Botha.
"I was too afraid of going to look for my children because I was afraid I'd find them dead," Gustafson said of that day. "It was so shocking and unbelievable.
Three years ago Nippon Ham Co. decided to buy into ODS's vision of corporate utopia.
Alec Baldwin, expert at citified spivs, is the runabout open-air anti-hero.
Price increases in the range of 25 percent to 50 percent a month are expected in the first stage of the program, as enterprises lose their subsidies and raise prices to survive.
"America is growing up to respect men of wisdom in black skins, but it hasn't grown up yet," Farrakhan said.
To the disappointment of many exporters, the department said that it won't recognize contract sanctity, except under special circumstances, as a reason for exempting shipments from the rules.
Bolt Beranek & Newman Inc,. said its BBN Communications Corp. subsidiary was awarded a contract from Delta Air Lines to complete a data communications and reservations network.
At Simon malls, some maintenance workers carry walkie-talkies to communicate with security guards.
"It's torture," said Marc Baskin, a junior management major from Glen Cove, N.Y.
DaeCheck's background was enough to make Neal Holmes, owner of Allied Security of Pittsburgh, cancel plans to organize business people interested in giving $10,000 to the center.
Sales fell to $834.7 million from $848 million and shipments fell to 8,416,000 barrels from 8,811,000 barrels.
The property and casualty division showed a $79 million loss, compared with a $54 million loss in the 1989 third quarter.
While the FLN's 30-year monopoly of power has not left it immune to allegations of similar practices, this time it made a fatal miscalculation.
Surprisingly affordable. Gift certificates are available.
Talk of 'surgical' air strikes to force an end to Serbian sieges of Bosnia's Moslem communities is rejected as 'sheer fantasy'.
To preserve a facade of a balanced budget, the Governor has proposed to drain every fund in sight.
"The nature of the performance problems is most serious," Welch said. "I encourage your direct, personal involvement in promptly correcting them." Two months later, after the Air Force had conducted its review, Betti testified before the panel.
Constantine Mitsotakis' conservative New Democracy party won Sunday's election but fell three seats short of an absolute majority of the 300-member unicameral Parliament.
The current system is a mess.
Usry first took office in 1984 after defeating then-Mayor Michael Matthews in a recall election.
The bank says it swaps most of its bond offering proceeds and the most favorable dollar-based swaps lately have been in longer maturities than seven years.
"We're in places we never were before," said Sandy Klinzman, a spokeswoman for Evian Waters of France, which also is the parent company of Saratoga Bottled Mineral Water.
The Black group advises Altus under the name of Lion Advisors; it also invests a separate pool of capital under the name of Apollo Investments.
The attack occurred Monday in a remote area of Zelaya province, 250 miles northeast of Managua, as Sister Courtney and three other church workers drove in a church pickup truck from the town of Rosita to Puerto Cabezas.
Many are deserters from the Ugandan army and most are members of Rwanda's Tutsi ethnic minority, which was removed from power by the majority Hutu tribe in the late 1950s and early 1960s in fighting that left tens of thousands dead.
The legs already were crumbling at the base, Gaylord said.
State game officials emphasize that hunters will have to go through "orientations" to get licenses.
"Ethics must be taught by people with demonstrated integrity," he says.
The company wrote off $450 million in loans to Brazil and Argentina in the quarter.
For example, letting first-time home buyers withdraw money from individual retirement accounts penalty-free and giving them a $5,000 tax credit could lead many lower and middle income people to strip their IRAs to finance a home purchase.
Mr Furuichi says this year MCA profits are expected to climb by double digits, yet to make short-term financial sense, growth in triple digits would be required. The cost of the acquisition has weighed heavily on Matsushita's balance sheet.
The military audit agency concluded that "significant mischarging of costs" had occurred.
Perhaps more worrisome, it's possible that Saddam Hussein may be able to steadily build popular support for his defiant stand around the Arab world.
We're in a period of hard times in the sense that we don't have all the money that we would like to spend in several areas.
With the CDs, users have access to a given state's voters' names, addresses and voting participation in party primaries.
In late trading on the London Stock Exchange, Lonrho was quoted at 304 pence (US$5.09), down 3 1/2 pence.
A short time later, he and his wife moved into a hospital apartment near the speech clinic where he gets therapy twice a day.
"It's a classic overreaction stock," says David Dreman, a New York money manager whose firm owns close to three million Compaq shares.
Bank Rate Monitor said the effective annual yield was 7 percent on six-month certificates of deposit, up from 6.95 percent the previous week.
One particularly important holdout is the United States, which has been withholding its dues since 1985, charging that the organization was anti-American.
Likud and Tehiya first challenged the PLP in the Elections Committee and then took their case to the Supreme Court.
In the Johannesburg area, black organizations have arranged an all-day concert near the black township of Soweto.
As part of an agreement to settle criminal and civil fraud charges, Drexel agreed to pay $650 million in fines, plead guilty to six felonies and subject itself to unprecedented federal scrutiny of the way it does business.
It said security against the lending was probably unenforceable and financial information on the loans 'inadequate'. The report estimates that PW received about Dollars 5m a year for its work on the BCCI audit and related services.
Adams and an Ethiopian lawyer hired by the embassy are trying to run down the clues.
It plans an unchanged dividend, despite posting a 13% decline in 1990 profit, though the results had been expected by analysts.
Many of the residents of a large part of the city are on welfare and "most of the households are headed by women with children." Employed residents, including the new mayor, tend to live in the part of the city known as Eight Mile.
The visit "and the publicity surrounding it are interpreted as a political gesture of a nature to bring about unwelcome elements in the electoral campaign and stir new passions," the government statement said.
Separately, analysts said Barclays PLC of Britain is seeking to buy a stake in another firm, Puget & Cie.
Included in this category are aluminum and steel producers and those involved in ferro-alloys, said Mr. Vipperman.
Even so, voters will have a wide choice.
Computers handle half a trillion dollars in U.S. bank transfers a day.
Nearly all of Hayes' 579 classmates went to Vietnam; 30 died there, more than any other class, said Wheeler.
In all, five people were admitted to area hospitals, none in serious condition, and 18 were treated and released.
Agriculture has been an obstacle in the talks, and Yeutter is pessimistic about reaching an agreement.
Since peaking at 3.12 cups a day in 1962, per-capita coffee consumption dropped 44% to 1.74 cups a day in 1986.
The following year, the turkey was sedated.
In Minnesota, heavy rain and small hail fell at Fergus Falls and near Battle Lake; 1-inch diameter hail fell at nearby Detroit Lakes.
For now, he is his own man.
The department, he said, expects to save about $50 million on every one-cent increase in corn prices and about $20 million on every one-cent advance in wheat prices.
By November 1986, six months after she was appointed, she had completed what she called a "comprehensive review" of the case.
Forecast profits of Pounds 15m put the shares on about 15 times, which is below the sector average.
And even with through traffic, Deputy 92-0 may lose her effectiveness as word spreads.
After the test was completed, Gilliard said, he wrote the College Board and canceled the results.
"There's such a strong, underlying friendliness toward the dollar, people are going to want to buy it," he noted.
Yet few analysts say Elsevier's bid is out of the picture.
BAT, a large conglomerate with interests ranging from tobacco to financial services and retailing, also is selling its Saks Fifth Avenue division.
Last week it traded as high as $36.125, an all-time peak.
He was working long hours, sometimes getting as little as two to three hours of sleep.
The state Supreme Court, calling the drugs as intrusive as electro-shock therapy, ruled that an inmate who has not been found mentally incompetent has a right to determine what should be done to his own body.
According to data Soviet officials presented to a recent U.N.-sponsored conference in Moscow on conversion, 40% of defense plants also make items for the civilian economy.
"It's an absolute act of heroism that someone is able to get out of a box.
Architects are also simulating intimacy with sound-reflective panels.
Robert A. Bowman State Treasurer State of Michigan Lansing, Mich.
The arrangement has been good for Mexican social stability, but it has also created a entire class of labor middlemen who confront management in the name of the rank-and-file, then take kickbacks in return for dropping their demands.
But love has many faces and Wiedlin takes a good look at a number of them.
Perhaps this is because most Americans, unlike much of Washington, have a basic sense of fairness about innocence until guilt is proven.
So, too, are most life insurers.
Seven people were killed and 18 wounded in those attacks.
WALT is style.' Translated, this means affordable, available and adaptable - the Walt fashion philosophy.
These articles are written specifically for the serious stock market investor although capital gains on other assets, such as second homes, may also trigger CGT liabilities.
The three other regional phone companies _ Atlanta-based BellSouth, Denver-based US West and St. Louis-based Southwestern Bell _ have reached settlements.
As previously reported, the Clore group in October placed orders with Jefferies for almost a million KaiserTech shares, then didn't pay for them; Jefferies acquired an additional 439,000 shares when Mr. Clore defaulted on an earlier loan agreement.
"I doubt we'll see another easing in credit policy before October.
When the judge agreed to drop all charges against the two executives, the company agreed to the no contest plea, according to Lewis Goldfarb, assistant general counsel to Chrysler Motors, the unit that builds and sells Chrysler vehicles.
But video games and what are called basic toys _ such as board games, Barbie and preschool toys _ are bringing the industry back.
"They said they will sacrifice their lives for the rest of the parish," Chmiel said.
The Commerce Department reports that orders for "big ticket" durable goods, excluding the volatile defense category, climbed 1.8 percent in November, a healthy increase which economists took as a sign of continued strength in the new year.
Consider P&G's turnaround in Japan.
Last year, the country imported oil worth over USDollars 1.8bn, about a sixth of its total import bill.
The bulk of the company's liabilities are for American Board of Trade's commercial paper, held by 9,100 investors.
UNITA was not party to U.S.-brokered international accords signed in New York in which South Africa pledged to halt aid to the guerrillas and allow Angola's southern neighbor Namibia to gain independence.
In return for the use of its pit, Nymex would pay Comex half of the annual platinum clearing fees or $1 million a year, whichever is more.
(X) "Bob Hope Special," NBC, 16.7, 15.0 million homes.
The toads probably came from a nearby drainage canal, he said. Toad invasions occur occasionally, Rice said, but the reasons for sudden surges in toad population are unclear.
Bush has proposed a $20 million appropriation.
The Justice Department's confirmation that Mr. Poindexter sought to sidetrack investigations of arms shipments to the Contras follows a report in The Wall Street Journal last Friday that senior department officials sought to delay the probes.
He has promoted his own candidacy this year by hiring Marine Lt.
After Iraq seized Kuwait, several governments, including those of the United States, England and France, froze Kuwaiti investments and assets in their countries to protect them from the Iraqis.
"The Jane Wallace Show" is the new job.
It started with 150 boats, but only 50 are now operational, and many of those only just.
But the corn market held up well in early trading and ultimately led the other markets higher.
The funds of which Davis is a trustee and the pension funds of New York City and Massachusetts had sought assurances from Exxon that it would improve safety procedures following the Exxon Valdez oil spill off Alaska last year.
The money comes from duties on foreign imports.
Trees and Temple roofs peer over the great rockery or 'false mountain' of the Lion Grove Garden, a calligraphic rock face as active as anything of Mark Tobey.
At least 500 people, including members of the governing United National Party, have been killed by Sinhalese militants.
The government has expelled a member of the Soviet trade delegation who was suspected of industrial espionage, the Foreign Ministry said Friday.
The thrift had $192.6 million in assets and $219.9 million in deposits.
Not only the police arrive to see what's up, but also (on press night, at any rate) David Calder, the RSC's new Shylock, from the theatre next door.
There is probably nothing more important to man's future on this planet than an understanding of the long-range effects of his activities.
NASD President Gordon Macklin resigned to become chairman of Hambrecht & Quist, a San Francisco-based securities firm.
Many descendants of the freed Americans slaves who founded Liberia oppose Doe's government.
The auto industry, indicating agreement with a softening economy, has cut production schedules for the rest of the year.
Many smaller organisations would be excluded. But the government faces other European employment law problems.
"There are more resignations coming," said one Salomon senior executive, who predicted the firm would shrink by a third because of the effects of the scandal.
The sales are widely thought to be part of Beatrice's long-range plan to make itself attractive for a public offering.
In a brief interview yesterday, Mr. Coulson said: "I wouldn't anticipate any major changes.
The bus had started from Lima and only had 15 miles more to go before reaching its destination, the town of Conchucos, police said.
Some politicians maintain that Yugoslavia has already falle apart.
Economic distortions may be difficult to identify.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange, ITT common closed yesterday at $47.50, down $1.375 a share.
And he is still bitter about losing TF1.
All bids will be submitted to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. by March 15.
Trade magazines have been full of comments, and ABC's "Nightline" has held some stormy debates.
Mills has admitted male graduate students since the 1930s, when the program began, said Lindsey Beaben, a Mills spokeswoman who noted that schools can lose federal funds if they exclude graduate students because of race, sex or national origin.
The gendarmes are police under military control.
"This is a balanced bill," said Domenici. "It is progressive." But House Speaker Thomas Foley said Democrats wanted the Senate to moderate its gasoline tax increase and its steeper increases in out-of-pocket Medicare costs for beneficiaries.
That supposedly determines the likelihood of surviving a head-on collision, traveling 35 miles per hour into a wall.
Geraghty & Miller, a groundwater decontamination service concern brought out by Alex.
No matter where one turned in Cairo, all paths led back to the past, and those things that seemed very old and very dead lay just under a patina of modernism.
Polaroid announced the plan in July just one day before a scheduled meeting with Shamrock.
The U.S. ships were in Lisbon during a break from NATO exercises off the Portuguese coast and slated to leave Oct. 20.
In the meantime, however, TRW _ which built the device _ began preparing for the first ground tests in the laboratory.
Sununu has informed his staff that Quayle is to be included as an active contributor on policy matters.
Private-label credit card programs are used by retailers who use their own names on the cards; outside firms provide the processing.
But astronomy remained a hobby.
Coca-Cola, which generates about 80% of its operating profit from international business, benefited from a U.S. dollar that was about 5% weaker last year than in 1989.
REAGAN'S SPEECH makes little splash but may ease Iran-Contra pressures.
The dollar closed lower in Europe but higher in the United States.
MITI said some 88 corporations and 22 business associations have expressed their support for the global partnership program so far, with most of the companies having drawn up "voluntary" plans to boost imports and enhance international cooperation.
He is the son of a ranch foreman and zoologist by training.
It added that if the restructuring isn't completed by Dec. 31, it won't take place.
"I've had a father show up with a seven-week old baby to pick up a share," he says.
This accounts for the main part of household bills. Although electricity costs have stabilised and even started to fall in some areas, high prices, profits and salaries have attracted much criticism.
Mr. Ribis argued that the new notes would be "much more valuable pieces of paper." Mr. Klatzkin said that the Plaza's third-quarter results met the company's projections and that prospects of a turnaround look good.
The plant processed its last oil April 23 as the blockade exhausted reserves.
Hints are dropped; an eccentric, independent spinster admonishes 'Face what you know.
The rise in the market share for large trucks was partially the result of a full model change in May. Hino's business is also underpinned by a close relationship to Toyota, Japan's largest and financially strongest car maker.
They fear that new legislative districts drawn to reflect the 1990 census might not be in place in time for March 1992, and the current legislative districts favor Democrats.
Volume on the floor of the Big Board came to 181.55 million shares, against 155.19 million in the previous session.
But when the right technology is combined with a business model that has demonstrated success through continued growth in markets, sales and profits, you have a sound base on which to develop an indigenous flat panel display industry.
ABDUL RAHMAN, who won independence for Malaysia from Britain in 1957 and was the nation's first prime minister until he retired in 1970.
But in a statement accompanying Eysenck's article, senior editor Joshua Fischman warns that researchers have spotted inconsistencies and technical problems in Grossarth-Maticek's studies.
This has a parent plant and a lot of babies joined to it by umbilical cords.
Terrence "T.C." Carson is Dexter Jackson, an amiable kid with a video camera whose heros are newsmen.
THE original play, a wry comedy, was by Kaufman and Hart, they of The Man Who Came to Dinner and You Can't Take It With You.
The fourth, WMAZ in Macon, Ga., is affiliated with CBS.
It also calls for quick implementation of the provisions of the U.N. Security Council's cease-fire resolution, particularly establishment of an independent inquiry to establish which side started the war.
The Loewenbraeu company of Munich, one of West Germany's best-known beer-makers with origins that date to the 14th century, is considering direct exports to the United States after watching falling sales of its licensed brew in America.
"We've stopped the importation of semiautomatic weapons," Brady told reporters Monday.
The pickets will go up at that time," said Suzanne Angeli, vice president of Local 790 of the United Public Employees Union.
Nawaz Sharif, whose backers shared in a landslide victory in the Oct. 24 parliamentary elections, was assured the prime minister's post after receiving the nomination from 18 parties comprising the Islamic Democratic Alliance.
Mexico's trade surplus for the first eight months of the year slipped to $2.5 billion, well below the $6 billion surplus registered between January and August of 1987, the government-run National Statistics Institute reported Tuesday.
The strikers want a 60 percent raise.
Eskimo Pie's profits have fluctuated.
He also said the study assumed all sex acts were vaginal intercourse and ignored the likelihood that prostitutes more frequently perform oral sex upon clients, an act less likely to spread the AIDS virus.
Shareholders will rock to the live music of Richie Havens, Livingston Taylor, Toots & the Maytals and a dozen other bands.
We have followed a reasonably clear strategy, with the right type of people pursuing the right sort of client.' The figures in the table have been compiled by the firms with year-ends adjusted to make the data comparable.
It seemed pointless." University officials were trying to determine what effect the animals' release will have on research projects in which they were used, she said.
Tanjug said about 250 U.N. truce observers from throughout the world will be sent to Iran and Iraq once a cease-fire was declared, but gave no specifics.
The group, which advocates primarily liberal causes, counts suburbanites and blue-collar workers among its 1.5 million members in 24 states.
The two conductors, who were not injured, were given drug and alcohol tests, as is routine after accidents, Bell said.
Iraqis have told the Americans the hostages are physically all right, but they miss their families and their psychological state could be better.
As for eastern enlargement, the summit in Essen produced a few sign-posts, but little substance. In the first place, Germany was hopelessly distracted by its own general election.
The reform also creates a strong presidency in place of the largely ceremonial post Gorbachev assumed Oct. 1.
More will follow. In addition Mr Clarke may soon sound the death knell for some of the six pits which British Coal said this week would be mothballed.
"I don't have to tell you nothing," he says.
Alyeska spokesman Chuck O'Donnel said he was satisfied with his company's actions. "I think our people did an excellent job," he said.
Asked about the danger of epidemic in the earthquake areas, where thousands of bodies still have not been recovered, Ryzhkov told his interviewer there was no such danger in the large cities.
Provinces of Sulawesi, far advanced by comparison, have been held back by decades of disturbances; Islamic insurgents created chaos during the 1950s and 1960s.
A few giant investors who took a recent pounding in the junk-bond market are banding together to cry foul.
Volume on the Big Board, swelled by dividend-related trading, came to 84.17 million shares as of noon on Wall Street, against 64.32 million shares at the same time Monday.
More than three years passed before the dispute went to trial.
An earlier edition incorrectly reported that Mr. Blumenthal had said the net loss wouldn't total a significant amount.
"I don't agree with him," Dukakis said when told of Jackson's objections. "We all knew what the rules were.
"Times Co.'s regional daily newspapers are holding up well, but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market," said Alan Kassan, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton.
Though he rejected the motion, the judge said McElreath was right to carry out his duty as court-appointed trustee to point out Bishop's violations of the bankruptcy filing.
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index rose 18.4 points to 2541.8, just off its intraday high.
However, he reversed himself after meeting the journalists on Tuesday.
In addition to the engine that had entered service, two with cracked shafts were shipped to Boeing Co. in Seattle, and one to Airbus Industrie in Toulouse, France, for installation on their jumbo passenger jets.
Presser is accused, along with two other Teamsters officials, of siphoning $700,000 in union funds to no-show employees from Teamsters Local 507 in Cleveland.
The bank, set up in 1966, is owned and controlled by the governments of 18 developed states and 29 developing Asian and Pacific countries.
How can Europol contribute? Europol is helping to overcome existing borders between criminal and justice authorities to improve crime-fighting capacity.
Greaney said the senator's body would be flown to Washington on a military aircraft Sunday and to Hawaii early this week.
Some observers expressed hope that Mr. Bush would diverge from Mr. Reagan's policies.
The committee coordinates the mating of U.S. colleges and host towns.
Five ships chartered by West Germany, Italy and France cruised to Albania on Thursday to pick up thousands of refugees who have packed Western embassies in the capital, Tirana, in the last two weeks.
The company said overall expenses in the quarter jumped 16% to $2.69 billion from $2.31 billion a year earlier.
Such testing can take six months to two years or longer, and the FDA's ruling effectively killed Favor.
California general obligation bonds outstanding are quoted as yielding 6.64%.
"I feel Jim Wright has been a very effective representative for our district," he said in telephone interview yesterday.
Yes, a good newsletter is important.
The reasoning was that by placing more private capital at risk, thrifts would be less likely to engage in imprudent practices that have depleted the thrift-insurance fund and will cost $166 billion over 10 years to remedy.
Senate Republicans concede President Bush's anti-drug strategy needs some work, but their talks with Democrats have left the two sides without agreement so far on how it should be reshaped.
As a result, Quaker State and its major competitors have made quick-lube stores into one of the most intense battlefields in their long-running war for lube-oil market share.
Traffic elsewhere was disrupted during the morning and afternoon when protesters walked through lower Manhattan streets.
Now the company is broadening the program to include its newest product, Cyototec, a gastric-ulcer prevention drug for arthritis patients.
Several baseball sources said Giamatti pushed for a settlement because he was afraid the case would continue to linger in court, preventing him from disciplining Rose.
A spokesman for the agency, Ron DeFore, would not comment on the Consumers Union petition.
The horse was buried at the farm, where he had stood at stud since 1979.
The products involved in the petition are thin-panel displays, using such technologies as active-matrix liquid crystal displays, electroluminescence and gas plasma.
Only one of the 23 new deputies is a Communist Party member.
Eli Lilly skidded 3 7/8 to 85 on 1.6 million shares as a lawsuit filed Tuesday in New York drew attention to accusations that the anti-depressant drug Prozac, which the company markets, induces thoughts of suicide in some users.
In the survey, conducted earlier this week, 56% of the likely voters believe Mr. Bush is running a negative campaign, while only 36% believe he is running a positive one.
It was the first student march since a military crackdown in September.
It was Cheri Zhambu. A half hour later and he was unstrapping my crampons and rubbing my hands warm because, casually, I had remarked that I was chilly.
A few "no" votes were heard when Harris was elected to the position of suffragan, or assisting bishop, for the eastern Massachusetts diocese, but Harris said she hasn't personally encountered opposition.
But with 32m people currently unable to find jobs in industrial countries, it is easy to see why unemployment is the more immediate worry. This change in approach is not simply a reflection of the depressed state of the world economy.
Canada's Progressive Conservative government was thrown into turmoil after a senior cabinet minister resigned amid growing doubts about the future of a constitutional reform package.
At the end of July, orders stood only 1.5% above their monthly total a year earlier, according to the report.
State Police spokesman Robert Fletcher said at least 50 houses were leveled, about 30 of them north of Plainfield and 20 or 30 near the Louis Joliet Mall just outside Joliet.
Robert Dahl, a senior associate with Air Cargo Management Group, a Seattle consulting firm, estimated that the agreement would yield no more than $10 million a year for Federal but would carry little added cost.
The stock market depends on the banking system because every trade involves money passing from a seller's bank to a buyer's. Banks also provide lines of credit for investors.
Most Jews are tradesmen at the region's bustling country fairs and markets and some own textile factories, Belmonte's economic mainstay.
Those trains _ nostalgically recalled in the movie "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" _ were derailed in 1961 by a city that had become hopelessly hooked on cars.
Nine announced pre-tax losses with Kankaku Securities hit hardest with a loss of Y49.5bn.
The shift lock "has been recognized worldwide as the best device available to prevent unintended acceleration," Audi said Wednesday.
President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, a U.S. ally who supports moving the debate, also said he had asked Shultz and President Reagan to change the decision.
The third woman was decapitated.
The special Senate and House committees investigating the Iran-Contra scandal voted to grant limited immunity to three individuals who may provide more details about the affair.
Iliescu described the protesters as "thugs."
On Wednesday, the rival rebel forces of Taylor and Prince Johnson waged bruising street battles in Monrovia with each other and with forces loyal to Doe, who remains holed up in his mansion in Monrovia.
Net income gained 38% to #160 million from #116 million a year earlier.
There is a canteen, a personnel department, and an accounts department.
For the fourth quarter of 1990, the company reported net income of $12.8 million, or 67 cents a share, on revenue of $118.2 million.
It would be good to read more about this and less about Sir Rider's activities for the Royal Colonial Institute in 1916.
Harper & Row said in a statement that it hasn't yet had time to evaluate the proposal.
That meeting, in January 1987, was the first for the two since Mubarak took office in 1981.
In 1987, violence in Haiti forced the Blackburns to flee to the Dominican Republic.
But the sharp turnaround in new orders growth "hints of a possible continued easing in the overall future rate of decline in the manufacturing economy," he said.
In March, Chinese troops imposed martial law in Tibet following the most recent round of pro-independence rioting.
In addition, the company said it will use the proceeds from the preferred stock sale to complete a "strategic acquisition."
The court, without comment, let stand a ruling that donors' privacy rights do not override Patty Jo Baker's need to learn their identities for her wrongful-death lawsuit.
Instead, the group plans to sell the van and use the money to buy a new or used 48-passenger bus.
Wall Street still trades IDB Communications like a highly leveraged broadcasting company, said Mr. Sudikoff, despite its move into international phone service.
Iowa Southern rose 4 1/4 to 39 1/2 after entering a definitive stock swap merger pact with IE Industries.
Tehran's Farsi-language Abrar called for an end to economic ties with Britain just one day after Iran announced the severing of diplomatic relations.
Douglas Getchell, a 39-year-old Forest Service ranger in Whitneyville, gathered tips in burlap bags and sold them for 3 or 4 cents a pound when he was a child.
But only one of the lab's many computers was infected.
Each entry is accompanied by a notation on the first time the word or phrase was known to have been used.
The proportion of empty homes ranges from 0.1 per cent to 9.7 per cent.
And it puts him in charge of food production, a sector which can make or break Gorbachev.
The Vincennes did pick up from elsewhere a frequency normally emitted by warplanes, which contributed to the mistaken conclusion that the aircraft was an attacking F-14.
Typically, money managers would earn meager fees unless they could beat market indexes.
They'll also be talking about progress toward reunification in Germany, and about the risk of deunification in Canada, where the French-Canadians of Quebec are threatening succession.
Police spokesman Rafi Levy said police did not use live ammunition, but a border police officer told photographers that forces fired gunshots to subdue protesters in the Anata neighborhood.
Yugoslav police seized 41 ethnic Albanians suspected of trying to sever ties between Belgrade and the southern Kosovo province.
John Galvin, NATO's supreme military commander in Europe, said Howe will begin his new job in late April or early May.
It is indeed incredible that on such a serious issue, she did not approach her study assumptions, data, time frames and conclusions with objectivity.
The holding company also has interests in banking, insurance, maritime freight transportation and real estate development.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev will visit Cuba in the first week of April, the official Cuban news agency reported Saturday.
Cher was given a 9.9 on a 10-point image scale by Daniel Eastman, a former Hollywood skin care and makeup expert.
The figures, released yesterday by the FDIC, were taken from reports the institutions are required to give the FDIC.
A bookkeeper suggested a mail-order business and shares the profits.
This week OPEC is returning to this tactic.
The key index on the Tokyo Stock Exchange, the Nikkei, posted its fourth-largest percentage drop ever due to concern about the Mideast.
At least 15,000 people, including relatives and onlookers, were present.
Putnam County Sheriff's Sgt. Pat Westberry said residents were allowed to return home early Monday.
He said the current account already may have accumulated a $251 million deficit in April.
Mr. Bentsen benefits from a special law passed in 1959 that allowed Lyndon Johnson to run for both President and re-election to the Senate.
But it is also a product of a growing sense of European political malaise. The UK economy is also paralysed by this stultifying and confidence-sapping gloom.
To rivals, IBM's reluctance to detail its new technology, coupled with its eagerness to warn that others will have a hard time legally matching it, is an effort to stir doubts about clones and thereby prod customers into buying Big Blue.
Delivery within 30 days 8.48%, 60 days 8.54%, standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages; 6%, 2% rate capped one-year adjustable-rate mortgages.
However, other leading electricals were weak on profit-taking, with Hitachi down Y1 to Y703 and Fujitsu retreating Y8 to Y527. Nomura Securities fell Y10 to Y1,420 on reports of credit downgrades by Moody's, the credit rating agency.
Calvert, 34, was executive deputy director of public works in Detroit before taking the job of director of public works for the city of Fontana, Calif. She said she and Young dated from 1981-87.
Genisco, based in La Mirada, Calif., produces a data memory product called an ECR-42 recorder.
The New York primary is for 255 delegates.
There is no evidence that this is happening.
Congress wants to define insider trading.
Both magazines are owned by Triangle Communications Inc., a New York-based unit of Triangle Publications Inc., Radnor, Pa.
Failure of negotiations would leave unresolved the problems that forced trading countries to the negotiating table in the first place.
The groom, 43, is an Army retiree who served in Vietnam.
Instead of holding down a job or going to school, it's been easier for them to knock some old lady on the street and take her Social Security check." At first, 19-year-old Jesse Roberson of Pontiac didn't think he could make it through the program.
Mrs. Bush merrily complied, asking about the name of the protagonist dog and the story's plot as the children chorused the answers.
"What I think is necessary is the top of this government, Mr. Bush's organization, ought to establish not in general terms like we're going to go to Mars, but what's the purpose of NASA.
In exceptional cases, the molecules may be robust enough to survive inside dinosaur fossils.
The 1990-94 framework programme - which will overlap its successor - was worth Ecu6.6bn.
This is part of a world-wide movement that France must follow to keep its most energetic, aggressive and bright young people and to attract investors.
"If we make a mistake we're happy to admit it."
Several lawmakers urged Mr. Watkins to push U.S. allies to tap their reserves, too.
The 1,200-pound fiberglass craft, insulated with styrofoam to protect the crew from temperatures that can reach 60 below zero, will have no steering capability, leaving the crew at the mercy of the winds.
The reaction took place at ordinary room temperature and pressure, with the only input of energy coming from the simulated sunlight.
Sure collegiate athletics has turned into a business but keep the TV contracts with the administrators of the institutions.
A retired electrical engineer we'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant, but he doesn't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits.
These, though, are not the major areas of conflict.
Directors also authorized sale of Moore McCormack Energy Inc., an oil and gas subsidiary, and plans to use the proceeds to repay any debt incurred under the Chemical Bank arrangement.
For Bush, it was what he called "a nostalgic return" to RNC headquarters, where he toiled as party chairman during 1973-74 when the Republicans were reeling from the Watergate scandal.
The study said the rate of low birthweight babies in the 332 poorest counties _ those where at least one-fourth of the population was below the federal poverty level _ was almost 30 percent higher than in the nation as a whole.
Sales of fire-retardant flags also are up.
It's a mystery to me why, but she did it." The Chicago Cubs became this year's first baseball team to win a division title, beating Montreal, 3-2, to clinch the National League East crown.
It was part of Ex-Cell-O Corp., which Textron acquired in 1986.
This has helped drive prices down from the OPEC benchmark of $18 a barrel to below $14 in recent weeks.
When Mr. Ward bought Nautilus, it was facing big legal claims; unresolved civil suits against the company sought $47 million.
Dr. Black is professor of analytical pharmacology at King's College School of Medicine, Rayne Institute in London.
Rising premium rates and milder weather are mainly responsible for the improvement. GA is expected to report a loss of between Pounds 20m and Pounds 30m on Tuesday, compared with a deficit of Pounds 171.6m in 1991.
Ashton-Tate introduced a personal computer program to create full-color charts, graphs and presentation slides and transparencies.
"I think in the long pull it's going to cost us," he said.
The company added that Qintex Entertainment will merge with Qintex America.
Other research has linked health-insurance coverage with access to care.
Over the years the rotation of the Earth has tended to slow down somewhat, and thus all 15 leap seconds needed so far have had to be added to atomic clocks.
In turn, a general economic slowdown will reduce the federal government's take from corporate and personal income taxes.
The camera turns to the door, and eyes staring through the peephole.
The Iranians, according to a Foreign Office spokesman, said they wished to discuss a resolution passed Tuesday by the Majlis that gave Britain a week to back away from its defense of Rushdie. Otherwise, diplomatic relations would be severed.
Eight of the nation's major record distribution chains refused to carry the album.
"To talk, in these circumstances, of the abandonment of nuclear weapons and the substitution of a conventional deterrent is absurd," he said.
As tensions between Vietnam and China spilled over into a bloody border war in 1979, local people were driven out of their homes and forced to move elsewhere.
He declined to predict annual savings.
With cash and liquid investments of about $2 billion, equal to long-term debt, it clearly has room for a bigger repurchase.
I got phone calls saying that," Long said after learning last week that she wouldn't receive the money.
"A lot of people who were medium-term bears against the dollar are beginning to take profits as the dollar rises," said Andrew Smith, vice chairman and chief investment officer of London & Bishopsgate International, a money management firm.
The Reagan administration took a radically different interpretation at the time of the military crackdown.
Also, individuals began to sell more aggressively because of pressure from margin calls.
Commenting on Friday's nomination, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said in a statement, "I have had the pleasure of working closely with David Mullins over the past year.
Hundreds of strikes are continuing around the nation.
But he believes the adoption of several different technologies will not necessarily prevent communications between emergency services from different countries.
Based on polls asking how much money people need to avoid poverty, the groups concluded in a report that 45 million people actually live in poverty in the United States _ more than the 32 million that fall beneath the federal poverty line.
Meanwhile, one of the agency's biggest troubles is its Small Business Investment Company program, which lets SBA-licensed firms add government-guaranteed funds to their own money to invest in small ventures that can't get financing elsewhere.
Swarming around these fragile shares were short-sellers, the people who try to profit from stock-price declines.
The Iraqi assault was "too small to be significant," said Akira Suzuki, chief economist at Morgan Stanley Inc., adding that it is "still an extremely good time to buy" Japanese equities.
The group's pacesetter was Merck, which benefited from strong sales of Vasotec, used to control hypertension.
"We did meet our expectations for 1989, and we're looking for a good 1990," a Kodak spokesman said.
Mr. Saunders described his home there as "a studio apartment in an unfashionable village" near Lausanne, where he had worked for Nestle S.A. before joining Guinness.
"Through concerted efforts to find and produce more of our domestic resources, we may be able to slow the rate of decline in U.S. production, but it is unlikely under current conditions that we will be able to reverse the trend," Easton said.
A Greyhound bus in Connecticut was hit by sniper fire and the chairman of the strike-crippled bus line offered a $25,000 reward for information about a weekend shooting in Florida that injured eight passengers.
Regular asset valuations may also mean higher depreciation charges and, therefore, lower profits.
"This was Bruce's favorite spot in the whole world," Linda said.
Since September 1989, 164 Olympic strivers have been placed, a year that topped any previous non-Olympic year.
I have written for many, many years. I've just never tried to get anything published.
His Soviet wife, Anastasia, tried repeatedly to stop the interview, shouting at the reporter and stepping in front of the camera.
Akulov, from the city of Anzhero-Sudzhensk at the northern end of the Kuznetz Basin or Kuzbass, is an engineer who installs steel supports in the deep mines of the region.
There was talk of turning Mr. Pritchard's counseling experiences into a series; there was a funny bit as a gay disco dancer on a "Taxi" episode; and then there was a new regime on the Peacock Throne.
A jumbo jet approaching John F. Kennedy Airport missed a commuter plane by 100 feet Sunday, while in another incident a commercial jet reported coming within 400 yards of a private plane near a suburban airport.
Social conflicts are definitely on the horizon."
Israeli officials are concerned that President Bush's administration, eager to please the new Arab allies who have joined the campaign against Iraq, will apply pressure on Israel to make concessions for peace.
Moreover, when the 56-year-old Mr. Chevalier retires, Mr. Arnault would have a shot at succeeding him.
Korolev also said Soviets were now working more productively.
Soviets are not believed among those used as "human shields." Saddam has said he would free all hostages between Christmas and March 25 provided Washington and its allies do not take military action.
Saatchi created the "Where's the Beef" advertising campaign for Wendy's International Inc. in the mid-1980s.
About 173,000 Jews lived in Berlin before the Nazi Holocaust. Today, about 6,000 Jews live in West Berlin, and about 300 Jews live in East Berlin.
Pfeiffer said he did not like sentencing her to prison until she talked, "But we want compliance with the court's order." The girls, Kimberly Ann and Kelly Ann, were respectively 3 years and 10 months old when they disappeared.
Because of our diverse membership, the chamber applies a great deal of time and effort in forging consensus positions on important issues.
Magazine Photographer of the Year: Anthony Suau, Black Star, first; and James L. Stanfield, National Georgraphic, second.
The manufacturing, timber and resort areas of the northern Pacific and Great Lakes states also have experienced persistently high unemployment rates, largely because they depend on seasonal employment, Whitener said.
In Europe earlier in the day, the price of North Sea Brent crude fell to $15.65 a barrel, down 40 cents.
Among states reporting gains for the week are Louisiana, which added eight; Texas, up by three; and Michigan and North Dakota, which each increased its count by one rig.
"Grand Moron" Leo Honeycutt of WBRZ-TV in Baton Rouge was to preside over events today and Sunday to honor former Three Stooges member Shemp Howard.
After the children were safe, police pounded on Lashbrook's apartment door and woke her up, police said.
'It was probably always going to be difficult to float any company associated with PPI,' said an Istanbul banker. A quest was then launched for a minority partner to help Vestel expand its product range in the European market.
When confronted, the salesman confessed and was fired.
"They take it very seriously, but it's fun for them and that's what makes it fun to conduct this orchestra," said Katz.
Traces of the drug clomipramine, known by the trade name Anafrail, turned up in autopsy tests on Laurie Dann's body, Cook County Medical Examiner Robert Stein said Wednesday.
"I think for what general motors got, the economic package was not sufficient," Kelly said.
Mandela, on a six-week trip to Europe, North America and Africa, conferred with French officials today.
That loss included a restructuring charge of $137 million for 74 stores and an extraordinary write-off of $8 million for fees related to prepayment of debt.
This can be treated before birth.
Other details of the agreement were not made public, but sources familiar with the case said the Boeskys' interest in the fund totaled around $10 million.
NORWAY - One Norwegian remains in Kuwait and 26 in Iraq, out of a pre-invasion total of about 46.
The average factory worker at Deere earns $15.47 an hour and the company calculates its labor costs at $26.90 an hour, including vacation, bonuses, holidays and other fringe benefits.
Merrill underwrote $20.3 billion in new bond issues, for a 21.1% market share of the total debt market.
Michigan law required pipeline companies to get advance approval from the state Public Service Commission before issuing securities.
He also said the council decided to boost the reserves for future claims after its annual review, undertaken with the accounting firm Deloitte & Touche, showed a larger-than-expected increase in claims in recent years.
Benefit reductions from the so-called "earnings test" can combine with federal, state and local taxes to produce such high marginal tax rates that many older workers do just as well staying home, foes say.
Shiite Moslem kidnappers holding at least two American hostages threatened today to punish them in retaliation for Israel's air attacks on Palestinian and pro-Iranian guerrilla bases in Lebanon.
"Gardner has a national reputation now for being a very aggressive consumer advocate, and he's got the go-ahead from the attorney general," said a spokesman for Mr. Morales.
Cover and cook in 350-degree oven approximately 45 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes.
WASHINGTON _ The Labor Department is to release its Producer Price Index for October; due at 8:30 a.m. EST.
The New York Shipping Association called Mr. Gleason "a forceful and effective advocate of the interest of his union members."
The company said it retained Citibank to solicit offers to purchase its three operating units.
Recent polls show that the majority of West Germans no longer believe the Soviet Union to be a military threat.
Dodge Caravan, Chrysler, St. Louis, and Windsor, Ontario.
Officials said they expected to contain a stubborn, 2,100-acre high-desert fire in south-central Idaho's Sawtooth National Forest today.
LINCOLN HOUSE, the USM-traded home furnishing group, is to raise some Pounds 2m net of expenses via a placing and open offer and subscription. The company is issuing 9.07m shares at 25p apiece.
The blackout will be lifted just an hour before Atlantis returns to Earth for a landing at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
Other Reagan advisers have suggested Reagan try to persuade the Soviets to level the facility in the interest of preserving the ABM treaty.
All I can just state is the confidence that I feel in Culvahouse and company.
Ceylons met good demand and prices moved 4-8p.
The likeness lies with a presence not closely described but known and sensed, as it blinked and, shifted, alive in every broad sweep of the brush across the surface of the canvas.
Oil companies responded by adding detergents and other additives to gasolines, particularly their most expensive varieties, such as Ultimate Premium.
"He's becoming a joke," said Jack Trout, president of Trout & Ries, a marketing consulting firm in Greenwich, Conn.
Though much improved, global business conditions and local investor confidence remain fragile.
The suit asaid Xerox never licensed Apple to use the Star computer program or its graphics, and alleged that Apple gained unauthorized access by hiring several Xerox employees in the late 1970s and early 1980s, including Star software developers.
Both are defense-oriented companies Chrysler wants to shed because of a slowdown in government contracting due to the thaw of the Cold War and political changes in Eastern Europe.
Gesell said he wanted to know whether the ex-president personally objects to appearing at "a later date convenient for him" or whether other arrangements for his testimony could be substituted.
AST Research jumped 1 5/8 to 30 3/8 after it unveiled a personal computer server-a device used in managing computer networks.
"I just think this is going to be a terrible shock to the young people of our city," said City Councilman John Ray, one of those challenging Barry for the Democratic mayoral nomination.
The fire covered an area about 60 miles long and 25 miles wide in portions of Callahan, Shackelford and Throckmorton counties, officials said, and a 20-mile wide swath of the blaze burned out of control.
The Korean peninsula was divided into the Communist North and capitalist South in 1945 and the two nations fought a civil war in the early 1950s.
A clipping on the wall from a British publication is documentation enough that the title is truly international.
Russian Social Democrats meeting in Moscow in early May spent much of their time debating whether local chapters would have to obey central authority.
And with the tale, there remain loose ends: Letters hidden in a suitcase and found by David are never explained; the father of Clara's child also is a mystery.
But George Bush's America believes and has the commitment to the American family that is so important to all of us.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange advised 10 foreign and domestic major securities firms after Monday's big drop not to file arbitrage-sell orders after trading sessions begin if the indicator is falling.
The U.S. and Soviet teen-agers will help repair trails in the park, doing such things as clearing debris and countering erosion.
"He started out with a very free-market, anti-regulatory approach," Mr. Bromberg said.
"Every year, probably dozens of grays drown or are crushed by the ice, but nobody ever knows about it," said George.
Warren, a Vietnam veteran, began smoking when he was in the Army. He said it's especially important to quit smoking because of his involvement with drug education.
Vehicles loaded with food, supplies and even a yellow-and-white Kabul taxi were heading north on the 260-mile journey back to the Soviet border.
The new charter creates a council with nine members to be elected by district, including one in north Tulsa.
Domingo said the soldiers were stationed in the Spratlys, a chain of islands in the South China Sea claimed by China, Vietnam, Taiwan, Malaysia and the Philippines.
"Florida screwed up," says John Mikesell, professor of public and environmental affairs at Indiana University and a national authority on the sales tax.
The confusion, many consumer electronics experts believe, is likely to increase HDTV development costs and lengthen the time required to create a marketable new generation of television sets and programs.
A prime example is Minneapolis-St.
But their pain may be others' gain, specialists say.
Approximately 300 million cases of malaria are treated annually.
"We understand the difficulties in the United States and the new perspectives in Eastern Europe," Callejas said at a news conference.
In addition to global pollution, the finance officials were reviewing such issues as the Third World debt crisis, the political upheaval in Eastern Europe and the efforts needed to keep huge trade imbalances from derailing the global economic expansion.
And, so, we're not out there trying to trade that away.
Interstate is owned and run by Thomas Padgett, who used to work for Travelers as an auto-damage appraiser, according to Mr. Tengberg.
Under a 1980 federal judicial misconduct law, the complaint prompted an investigation by a special committee of the federal appeals court in Atlanta, which encompasses Florida.
His prospective reassignment as the Soviet ambassador to Washington is part of a revamping of the principal overseas assignments in the Soviet foreign service.
Nick Pasquarosa, representing Polaroid employees, said the stakes could not be higher since both companies are in danger of being absorbed through takeovers and disappearing in their current form.
You are what what you eat, they say.
A spate of recent murders between the two groups has fueled the unrest.
'We even sang madrigals together,' he wailed.
Those investors who bought the Hollinger shares are apoplectic. The stock exchange is right to investigate the background.
The building of our constitutional system is a continuing project.
I love her," said a tearful Carol Burnett following a memorial Mass in suburban Santa Monica.
About 75% of Daimler's group revenue and most of its profits are attributable to sales and leasing of Mercedes-Benz luxury cars and commercial vehicles.
The state's 10 members of the U.S. House, nine Democrats and a Republican, all faced opposition Tuesday.
Apartheid brought out the best and worst in them: it left little room for the mediocre. They have lived one of the most dramatic moments in the history of the human spirit, and I have lived it with them.
TranStar said it will continue to take reservations and will honor tickets for all flights through Aug. 9.
But both sides said they are prepared to continue the war they have waged for eight months in the courts and before state regulatory bodies.
The departure of The Knickerbocker News leaves New York state's capital with only one newspaper.
"They really isolate themselves."
About 12,000 of them who arrived before June 1988 are considered refugees eligible for resettlement, but those who arrived after that are being screened.
But to those displaced by higher rents and changing styles, it also can mean the end of home.
The cheaper dollar has brought about an export boom and the trade deficit has begun to shrink, although more slowly than almost anyone had predicted.
Combustion Engineering, a supplier of technical services and equipment to utilities and processing plants, said heavy components for the plants will be built by a South Korean construction company.
The appeals court said Clark, by choosing the latter option, in effect gave up more than 20 percent of his interest in N.L. Industries in return for the cash.
Meese's future drew a variety of comments from a group of senators who visited briefly with Reagan during a private bill signing ceremony.
Alan Smith became executive vice president for finance in January 1981.
"International education, teaching and learning about other countries, their citizens, and their languages _ just how important is it to our country?
Raymond E. Neidl, an analyst for Dillon Read & Co., said the dividend suspension was a prudent way to conserve cash.
"It's a very interesting thing they've done, but I would be extremely dubious of any causal relationship" between income and high-spending schools, says James S. Coleman, a professor of sociology and education at the University of Chicago.
The president leaves Washington with State Department assurances of food aid for the winter.
Mothers' milk is poisoned!" wrote Tulepbergen Kaipbergenov in the Karakapaki region south of the Aral Sea.
The report from Nikkei Telecom quoted "sources close to the international monetary authorities" as saying the concerted action will likely be taken if the yen reaches a level of 125 to the dollar.
He scored only two draws in his first three games, going down in the third round to Soviet grandmaster Artur Yusupov.
Hundreds wore T-shirts and held placards with anti-Florio slogans.
But we don't take the same posture all day long.
The company's voting shares are now around 650p and the non-voting 433p.
Neither Reimann nor the producer, Willy Decker, do anything to point up the analogy: they don't need to.
Western leaders should now recognize the folly of putting their faith in Mr. Gorbachev.
However, refined lead output was up 1.3 per cent to 2,258,000 tonnes.
The only difference is that the Lilco expropriation will go down in history as the first time a government has taken over a private operation not to save it, but to bury it.
Businesses executives clamor for the state subsidies Menem curtailed, and resent the tariff reductions and free-market currency exchange rate that push them to compete more aggressively with overseas producers.
The company wants to operate its mines on a 7-day-a-week, 24-hour-a-day schedule, ease work rules, cut health care and pension costs and contract out more labor.
The topic of Solidarity and its chairman Lech Walesa came up several times in the discussion that followed Messner's announcement of the resignations.
Morison, who worked as a civilian for the Navy, also was convicted of the theft of the photos and government documents describing a May 1984 explosion at the Soviet Union's Severomorsk naval base.
Some analysts said the market seemed healthy in spite of the successive setbacks.
Trad mayhem, swing and bebop permeate the comfortably fraying fabric of the Welsh market town, running together happily.
He drove next and did the same (splash).
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Bush and Assad held "an extended conversation on the question of terrorism."
The booty: A slice of pie from the cafeteria.
Answering questions from an audience in Springfield, Mass., Reagan also sought Thursday to lower expectations that the superpowers will agree soon on an accord to slash their arsenals of intercontinental ballistic missiles.
Japan has agreed to 40%, while the European Community will go as high as 35%, U.S. officials say.
The new shop is a joint venture formed by Polaroid Corp. and the Soviet Ministry of Atomic Energy and Industries.
We are certifying the fact that we have come out of the tunnel of a history as a paralysed country.
The president has a history of compromising, particularly on domestic issues.
Lead's principal use is in automotive batteries; zinc is widely used for castings in autos and as an ingredient in galvanized steel for construction materials and rust-resistant automotive body panels, among other uses.
Also complicating Hoylake's problems in the U.S. are nine lawsuits it filed in federal courts seeking, on constitutional grounds, to take the regulatory decisions out of the commissioners' hands.
In the seventh year the quota is increased to 150,000 tonnes, to increase by 10 per cent annually until the 15th year, when all controls are to be eliminated.
Battery Marche, the US brokerage, is believed to have sold a block of 3.4m shares into the market at 75 1/2 p, most of which was later placed with institutions by a leading house at 76p.
Deutsche Telekom, as well as being leader of the DBFH consortium, will be a prime contender.
To ensure a quicker launch, NASA and the Air Force had it redesigned to fit into the $65 million Atlas.
Bond prices have slumped since the start of the year.
Net oil exports are expected to rise in 1993 with export volumes over 3 per cent higher and import volumes 1/2 per cent higher than in 1992.
John Lehman, former Navy secretary, says that "is baloney," adding, "I don't buy the argument that the Pentagon's role is to preserve the industrial base."
Schwarz spends about five months a year in New York as music director of the New York Chamber Symphony, a post he has held since that orchestra was formed in 1977, and music director of the summer Mostly Mozart Festival.
Boris Becker was still in it on Sunday night, but had struggled through a five-setter with Tim Wilkinson and a four-setter with Andrew Castle of Great Britain, who stood 180th in the computer rankings.
The Cuban Mission, meanwhile, said the first contingent of about 3,000 men will leave Angola on Jan. 10.
Employment information was obtained for 53 of the former commissioners.
Burundi's Interior Minister Leonard Nyangoma said yesterday about 1,000 people had been killed in fighting between troops and tribal gunmen since the weekend, Reuter reports from Bujumbura.
But, whereas in the U.S. they are extremely difficult to regulate, in France they are being banned.
Although the union will express its preference, it will not formally endorse a candidate, said Gary Hubbard, an aide to USW President Lynn Williams.
Since Mr. Wynn upped the ante, other promoters have attempted to woo Mr. Douglas with prospects of as much as $50 million for a rematch with Mr. Tyson.
It looked like ESPN, the leading purveyor of sports programming on cable TV, wouldn't get to broadcast the event.
Rocard, a Socialist, will be trying to run a government dominated by his party yet develop policies attractive to centrists, whose support his administration needs.
'We've had three miserable years,' says Richard Hughes, fund manager of M & G's Recovery unit trust, the largest recovery fund in the UK growth sector.
"The uprising pressured the Palestinian leadership to take such positions," said Saed Kanaan, a PLO supporter and businessman in Nablus.
Rep. Glenn English, D-Okla., chairman of the panel that oversees the CFTC, asked Gramm to explain the discrepencies between the SEC and CFTC reports.
Like Mr. Eggum, Mr. Sledz won't be named in a racketeering conspiracy as part of his plea agreement.
Government insists that the PAC should be ejected from the talks because it has refused to abandon its armed struggle.
The Tass news wire quoted KGB officials as saying the man fired into the air with a sawed-off shotgun and that no one was hurt.
For example, according to analysts in the department's Economic Research Service, if an 1,100-pound steer sold for $70 per 100 pounds of live weight, it brought its owner $770.
A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the manufacturing sector and a reading below 50 indicates a contraction.
Yet art continues to be directed from above by a class of cultural commissars, including the most successful artists themselves.
Anthony St. John, vice president for human resources at Chrysler, also cited provisions in the pact calling for worker benefits to continue for up to two years after the layoffs and to allow special early retirements for some senior workers.
At the previous refunding in August, the slope of the yield curve was 18%, in other words an investor could pick up 18% in additional yield by moving from three-year notes to 30-year bonds.
They have year-old twins, Ariel and Zachariah.
Although the program hasn't been formally evaluated, experts agree that prison treatment ought to be expanded because, nationwide, up to 70% of inmates have drug problems, which should be dealt with before prisoners are released.
Kloeckner will represent a new trading business area for Viag as growth prospects in traditional industrial sectors are being overshadowed by the strong expansion of the services sector.
These people who do these things are taking shots in the dark," Lady Kaberry said. "It is everyone who has to live in fear now.
Bennett boasted Nov. 8 that the Bush administration's drug strategy was working and that Americans have turned against drugs.
His statement announcing the action strongly suggested that it was due to the remarks attributed to Rooney.
The congressional committees that investigated the Iran-Contra affair were given censored versions of 1,269 pages of the 2,848 pages of North's diaries.
Miami-based Carnival doesn't plan to fine anybody for throwing trash overboard, but its passengers are encouraged to separate plastics from glass, cans and paper into deck-side garbage cans.
'That's not producing real money for the rural economy.' Mr Liam Foley is also an efficient dairy producer, but he farms in County Cork and is a senior official in the Irish Farmers' Association.
Salomon stock rose 1 7/8 to 29 5/8 yesterday, but remains 19% below prevailing levels in early August, before the Treasury auction bidding scandal surfaced.
That was up from $148.02 in fiscal 1983, he added.
Each package is voted up or down, take it or leave it.
Neither the spokesman nor Israel Radio gave details about the purported changes.
But any negative development in crude oil prices is likely to cause a dramatic rise in domestic interest rates. Mr Kjell Skjevesland, a director at the Oslo-based Norse Securities, is also concerned with the oil price/interest rates connection.
Her real-life replacement, Ms. Farrow, plays another of the radio stars, a hat-check girl who finds fame after she sheds her Brooklyn accent (the same delightful squawk the actress put on in "Broadway Danny Rose").
Warming tents were set up for the firefighters, who took turns on the fire line.
John E. Jacobson, a steel economist, estimates that since 1981 bar prices have fallen every year except 1987, when they were flat compared with 1986.
Vicorp said it wants to eliminate the $4.4 million it pays in annual dividends on the preferred shares.
Fernandez is of Puerto Rican heritage.
MiniScribe said the disk drives have more memory capacity than other disks that size.
Pioneer Electronics Capital Inc., an affiliate of Pioneer Electronic Corp. of Tokyo, purchased $15 million of those same debentures.
"Undoubtedly this is something that can be rectified over time," Nisbet said.
The administration said the trade agreement Bush signed with Gorbachev in June granting the Soviets "most favored nation" trading status would not be forwarded to Congress for approval until the emigration legislation is passed.
Norsk Data AS said it will post a bigger-than-expected first-half loss and announced the resignation of Rolf Skar, its longtime chief executive officer.
But that proved unnecessary when the door was opened Friday morning, exposing the telescope's finely polished 94.5-inch eye to starlight for the first time.
Sanctions against Beijing were solidified at last year's economic summit in France.
One payoff might be chiplike integrated circuits in which electrically encoded information is translated by porous silicon into light-encoded data, which could be sent at high speed between different computers or components within the same computer.
"I said to myself that he wanted to feel good about himself," he said. "He wanted to feel loved, he wanted to feel close to someone.
At the same time, a strong performance by the British pound in the currency markets reduced the chance of base rates being raised in the near future.
They found rental sources for a large tent with a dance floor, tables and chairs, dishes, glasses and silver, tablecloths and portable toilet facilities.
The technical name for the rig is a lift boat.
It's your last chance to see the show, which already has made the rounds of cities such as Chicago, Philadelphia and Los Angeles.
He said Neil Bush was not involved in any S&L scandal.
A companion proposal would lift the ceiling on credits that auto makers can earn if they build alternative-fueled cars; the credit can be applied to meeting federal fuel efficiency requirements.
Superconductors are materials that conduct electricity without resistance and repel magnetic fields when cooled to very low temperatures.
Year-earlier comparisons weren't provided.
State Sen. Bob Swain got little attention when he introduced a bill to designate an official state dog, but now the "Plott" has thickened.
Tsaban told The Associated Press the incident occurred between February 7 and 12 when a group of high school students were brought to a detention center near Ramallah.
Above all, the auctions were seen to be a success, encouraging greatly that elusive plant called confidence. It is the same in London.
His campaign is running on empty; at one point he even was $200,000 in debt.
Nonetheless, says Mr. Williams, "our contract with the utility doesn't force us to be a captive customer and simply accept their continuing investment decisions and rate increases without question."
Only Smith and Rauh, a newcomer to politics, declined to abide by New Hampshire's voluntary campaign spending limit of $400,000 in the primary and a like amount in the general election campaign.
Glenn Cunningham, who overcame a crippling childhood injury to become America's premier middle distance runner in the 1930s, is dead at age 78.
He did not repeat this allegation - probably because he did not have time.
In its first drug-testing rulings last March, the court upheld drug and alcohol tests for railway workers involved in accidents and U.S. Customs Service employees applying for drug-enforcement jobs or those positions that require carrying a firearm.
"Our future is totally uncertain," said Jose Fuertes, managing director of Spain's Hake Fishing Ship Owners Assocation.
His mission is to produce a video inventory of Florida's entire road system _ all 23,000 miles.
U.S. Fax Inc., Philadelphia, sells a fax network to help solve problems such as busy signals and traffic management.
Are there any indications that the American family has become more stable or secure during the past decade?
Fettery said if the agreement is approved, about 170 defendants, including those who provided furnishings and services in the hotel, still would have claims against them.
But Smith noted that Hazelwood apparently felt the ship was in competent hands.
"As the largest purchasers, they can get volume discounts." But unbundling phone services may cause the cost of residential long-distance service to rise.
The army's toughest restrictions in more than 20 years of occupation failed to contain the violence.
Trigger points which will affect the value of your shares in a private company.
The trick in a business like insurance is to be in a position to take advantage when the cycle turns.
By 1988 there was nil unemployment.
Tubacex fell Pta32 to Pta242 after saying that it had entered temporary receivership.
The Syrian leader, who spoke shortly before the departure of Egypt's Mubarak for Libya after talks in Damascus, accused Israel of blocking peace.
The company's stock price also is depressed because the Greek government wants to nationalize some of its oil operations.
Mr. Saunders allegedly passed the information on to another consultant, Thomas Muldoon, who the government says is working for Norden Systems, a United Technologies Corp. unit that was considered a prime contender for the contract.
A French engineer will tell you that he cannot start work without a plan.
Mrs. Magnuson said her husband began feeling sick Friday afternoon and was diagnosed as having suffered a "slight" heart attack Friday evening.
But Robert H. Chandross, chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York, contends those fears will prove unjustified.
Where it once had to answer only to the timber industry, the service now has a crowd of watchdogs panting over its shoulder.
I don't think the trend will be derailed.
The company also said it intends to exercise an option to reduce its interest in the computer venture from 42.5% to 19.9% by the end of 1988, a move that was anticipated.
I went to Burma laden with packets of milk powder, coffee and flour, thinking these would make welcome presents.
The unsecured creditors' committee said unsecured claims against Southmark were closer to $1.5 billion, The Dallas Morning News reported Saturday.
Men have also fared better than women: only 12 per cent of the male sample said they were unemployed compared to 39 per cent of women. Ukraine has a long way to go before it reaches Polish levels of private activity.
Sam Burroughs, an off-duty city police detective, was driving through Country Club Plaza early today when he saw a man collecting coins from a fountain, said Lt.
We would have to have a fully staffed gambling board.
Zhao, one of China's leading reformers, has been stripped of his post in connection with the recent disturbances, sources say.
The best recreational sport for strengthening the back, in his opinion, is swimming.
A spokesman noted that the latest period's results reflect lower tax rates which went into effect July 1 as a result of the recent federal-tax overhaul.
However, he said to do so would require legislation from Congress _ legislation the administration is not currently seeking.
However, no USDA forecast is carved in granite, and the professionals in the department's Economic Research Service are quick to revise projections when conditions change significantly.
It will recoil from a course which would threaten an end to the longest period in government since Lord Liverpool's premiership 180 years ago. They may well be right.
Sales declined to $3.7 million from $4.5 million.
Manasara said the residents confounded the Israeli by refusing to answer simple questions about their place of work.
Consider three stock funds that have doubled their money in five years.
"There never were movie stars around.
The measure, eagerly sought by corporations worried about escalating liability costs, would impose a uniform federal standard of liability pre-empting a wide variety of conflicting state laws.
Ka Wah Bank became insolvent in late 1985, with bad loans totaling more than $3 billion Hong Kong dollars ($385 million).
"You have gotten away with murder, and I don't blame you for wanting to continue it," Rep. Thomas Downey, D-N.Y., told a gathering of the American Sugar Alliance.
"I am optimistic about Mr. Derwinski's potential to rise above this unattractive episode, to put it behind him once and for all," Cranston said.
Takeshita is to highlight the visit by announcing a new package of low-interest loans, estimated at $6 billion for Chinese development projects in the 1990-95 period.
The brewery is owned by the German plant builder AMS Anlagenplanung GmbH (34%) and Detroit Brewing Company LLC (64%).
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25% annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40%, Japanese sales were flat for most of that time.
The platform was not identified by name or exact location, although the statement said it was not the Rostam platform.
With something like a credible plan in place, though, Boots and WH Smith can spend a year or two deciding for themselves.
In August, Sundstrand said that "within the next 12 months" it expects to pay out at least $100 million related to "contracts disputes" with the government.
Fineran said Andrew had managed somehow to push Michael out of the water and onto the ice before sliding back in again.
Southern Florida also was cited by Hudlow as a major dry area, and the threat of water supply shortages also covers Boston, New York and the Delaware River basin.
Jordan argued for recovery of the occupied lands before settling their status.
"People have discounted Wednesday's performance because they realize it was overdone," one equity salesman said.
At the same time, the growing use of temporary workers helps ease fears of strikes and reduces unions' leverage.
The proposal largely duplicates an existing law passed by the state legislature, but if approved by voters on November 8 it will be much harder to repeal in the future.
For fiscal 1991, net income rose 22% to $205.8 million, or $2.65 a share, from $169 million, or $2.15 a share.
It was only with the help of a spineless Congress that he was able to borrow vast sums to finance his massive defense buildup and to offset revenues lost in his tax-cutting programs.
Edri's body was found Thursday night at a junction near the Jewish settlement of Yakir, about 24 miles north of Jerusalem.
And so I keep the vigil.
"It's a store which has successfully switched its approach from serving the carriage trade to serving the contemporary fashion needs of middle to upper-income customers," said Kurt Barnard, publisher of Barnard's Retail Marketing Report.
It provides such things as home banking, shopping and airline reservations.
Nawbzada Nasrullah Khan, 72, is the second major candidate but has never been in government.
Art nouveau glass vases and antique silver boxes are popular, he says.
But circumstances in Colombia are far from logical.
The alliance will enable the companies to provide food services to airlines on a worldwide basis.
The report will include a statement alleging that Wright violated House rules in several dozen instances, said a source familiar with the investigation.
Here the scheme ends, approximately 44 weeks after initial acceptance. At Stampiton, Mr Lever has just entered module four.
GAF also confirmed a report in this newspaper that it privately offered to sweeten its bid for Borg-Warner late Friday to $48 a share.
The only other producer, the Hanford Nuclear Reservation in Washington state, has been shut down for more than a year.
But authorities this year may be more concerned about controlling the holiday celebrations after hundreds of thousands of disenchanted Chinese took to the streets last spring calling for democracy and other changes.
The latest subpoenas follow in that line.
Unwanted lengths of the chromosome are literally cut away and the respective ends are then spliced together.
In August 1988, South Korea had a surplus of $816 million.
The 350-member National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws will discuss the bill and consider changes.
Oliveira says, "We are winning the war.
Expected tax revenues in the fiscal year totaled 62.3 trillion yen.
"There's no possibility of forming a single entity now," said a government ministry official, who asked not to be identified.
The two were meeting in Baghdad.
They are rated double-A-3 by Moody's and double-A by S&P.
The boosters burned just 1.4 seconds longer than predicted during the two minutes the boosters are used.
While volume has slipped from last year's record totals, the IPO market remains active.
A French labour inspector has asked a judge to examine the legality of the Euro Disney Look, the company's dress code.
Mr. Mow says his Los Angeles-area company, which is privately held but reports $466 million in domestic sales (plus foreign licenses) after only five years, gets about 20% of its goods from China.
Despite Col. Moammar Gadhafi's promise of continued support for liberation and alleged terrorist groups around the world, Western and Palestinian sources say the Libyan leader is cutting back on such aid.
The company rang up sales of $11 billion last year.
Doogie can take out your gall bladder, but he's just learning to drive.
As the Treasury was wrapping up its initial tax-overhaul proposal, aides presented Donald Regan with a plan that included three tax brackets for individuals: 16%, 28% and 37%.
Separately, a Senate Appropriations subcommittee held the budget for the space station to $200 million.
In the process, the bank's good loans went bad.
Sam has never been told about the problem, because his Mom firmly believes that the illness can be prevented by keeping him in the dark.
The witnesses spoke on condition of anonymity.
Glenfed Inc., parent of the nation's fifth-largest thrift, said it expects to meet analysts' earnings projections for fiscal 1987, which ends June 30.
Real-estate agents and developers say that selected bargains exist in the low and medium-priced range.
"I went to the hardware store in my jeans," she says. "My hair was sticking out all over.
In an interview, the 39-year-old investment banker confirmed market talk that he is partway through raising another big fund that "can go into anything."
I took an oath of office to protect sources and methods of intelligence and I would never discuss anything I was doing at the CIA that would affect the national security," Bush said.
Charles is heard prominently on the instrumental "Healing Chant." There is a tenuous and harmonious thread to "Yellow Moon," partly due to producer Daniel Lanois' (Peter Gabriel, U2) recording style.
The house has been part of the Garden District tour as long as the National Park Service has been giving it, he said. "This fence, they say, is the prototype for chain-link fence," he told the tourists.
Ousted Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and her political foes launched campaigns Tuesday for next month's elections, which are seen as a forum on whether her government was wrongly dismissed.
That's equivalent to 7.76% for an investor in the 28% tax bracket and 8.34% for someone paying 33% in taxes.
`Most of the increase in orders in July was for durable goods, up $3.5 billion or 2.8 percent to $128.2 billion," the report said.
For instance, the $119 package doesn't include representation in a divorce proceeding or malpractice suit.
To encourage new production, Congress enacted several different prices for gas according to source, such as tight sands or very deep wells, and permitted those prices to rise with inflation.
If the West German agency chooses the Titan vehicle, the launch will be made from Cape Canaveral, Fla., Martin Marietta said.
That produced a tide of manufacturing jobs that has spread through Asia's first generation of newly industrialized countries, or NICs-South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore.
The young lovers are Peter Dobson and Jessica Steen.
"You keep alive the dream of a free Nicaragua," she said.
Today's blimps use inert helium instead of the highly flammable hydrogen that destroyed the famous Hindenburg dirigible in New Jersey in 1937.
Jamming of Western radio stations such as Radio Free Europe has ceased, but the official media has stepped up rebuttals of reports heard on the stations.
I don't know where I get it," a frail but vibrant Mrs. Scales said at a meeting Sunday with Smith President Mary Maples Dunn.
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of Texas Austin, Texas The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation.
That figure is down considerably from several years ago when rebel political operations in the United States had strong U.S. government backing.
The senators may, if they wish, stick their heads in the sand of SALT II, but they shouldn't complain too loudly if the president or the public doesn't join them.
It has the characteristics of a Gaullist union of nations rather than those of a sapling superstate.
One of the very toughest is Section 89 of the 1989 tax act, which compels corporations to prove they are conferring benefits equally on all employees.
Its monthly survey queries purchasing executives at more than 300 industrial companies across the nation.
"It's so intense anyway that we don't need any more," he said.
It's time to clear the air _ and you know, I think we will.
Some analysts doubted, however, that other bidders would resurface.
"The Call of the Wild," Jack London.
In the past 10 years, the funds, and their founder, have made an enormous amount of money.
"Society made its choice," said the taciturn prime minister, who took office in August 1989 after decades as a writer in the Catholic opposition.
Children in that group were not affected by custody arrangements, the study found.
Most of the state's 1,488 polling stations opened on schedule at 8 a.m. Workers were given the day off, and turnout was reported strong among the 709,000 registered voters.
We know it does not permit deployment.
A couple of weeks later, she left her purse in a shopping cart basket at another supermarket, and again someone returned it.
At least, not their estimates for this year.
Why has it acquired Stag Furniture?
Last week, the dollar reached a four-week high of 129.35 yen and a seven-week peak of 1.6355 marks, but buying interest faded quickly around those levels.
The SMI index added 17.1 to 2,867.7. Buying of Roche certificates, up SFr50 to SFr6,250, by one small bank triggered demand elsewhere in the sector.
THE DOLLAR REBOUNDED from postwar lows after central bank intervention, sparking stock and bond rallies but sending gold prices skidding.
Soviet history books long have claimed that Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia voluntarily joined the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics at the beginning of World War II.
A United Mine Workers spokesman terms as ridiculous a lawsuit filed by a strikebound coal company alleging the union's selective strike program is a thinly veiled racketeering operation.
This explains why neither credit nor ruble work.
'The jump has been caused by being fashionable,' says Jennifer Tullberg, company secretary and William's wife.
Taxable funds invest in commercial paper (short-term corporate IOUs), bank certificates of deposit and Treasury bills.
Almost all of the extra financing will come from higher taxes and increased borrowing, while Germany's fat welfare budget will remain untouched.
Increasing SEC power to gather Wall Street data was approved by the House.
Mr. Parnes also said he has testified to government investigators about his role.
The scientists now want to trace the white blood cells after they are returned to the patient to understand why TIL therapy works for some, but not others.
The Constitution requires that a president be 35 years old.
He has tried to oust the estimated 40,000 Syrian troops from Lebanon.
By comparison, high-grade corporate bonds gained 1/8 point on average.
One of Sweden's leading insurers, Skandia, has set up its own banking unit and the Post Office is offering a broader range of banking services. Competition within the Nordic region is also intensifying.
The bank board said mortgage rates dropped by nearly half a percentage point in early February when compared with early January.
One industry source said RJR's anger stemmed in part from the agency's lack of deference to RJR, whose array of consumer products is so vast that it has ad agencies beating down its door.
Another U.S. banker who also sits on an advisory committee questioned the present committee system: "The Russian slang word for committee roughly translates into a dog with four hind legs," he said.
"We always hate to see our companies being taken over, and we're often not satisfied with the price," he said.
"When I meet those old Japanese tourists on the beaches of the Philippines, I always wonder how much they enjoy it," Mr. Saito says.
On the Big Board, Texaco shares rose 1 1/8 to 39 1/4 on more than 1.4 million shares.
The U.S. Air Force based in Osan, 25 miles south of Seoul, used helicopters and 20 paramedics to rescue stranded flood victims.
But Anthony Galde is an unmenacing teen-age villain, the kind of street punk who would have been out-of-date in the original production of "West Side Story."
This is a shame, because Mr. Bush's goodwill among minorities gives him a chance to shape a new and better civil-rights consensus.
The Tigers don't own any large parking areas.
Officially, the doors are still open for North Korean participation, but nobody expects athletes from the North to fill the rooms left empty for them at the athletes' village.
Haley said the new formula would benefit milk wholesalers, or "handlers," under federal milk marketing orders.
During heavy fighting over the past several months, Save the Children has distributed rations to about a third of the population of Lebanon, the announcement said.
If you're not doing something right, she'll scream and holler.
Some residents of the nearby Rancho Carrillo housing tract in Riverside County temporarily evacuated their homes as smoke and dust from the fire filled the air on Friday, Bundick said.
This has replaced socialism as the theme song of John Smith's Labour party.
In some cases, the Thai government encourages the process by nudging Japanese companies into joint ventures with Thai partners.
A complete overhaul failed to revive the sagging late-night fortunes of "Wheel of Fortune" host Pat Sajak, whose CBS talk show goes around for the final time next week.
"Chrysler had stated that if it couldn't get a good price, it wouldn't sell," said analyst Ron Glantz of Dean Witter Reynolds in San Francisco.
"They are more decisive.
The dollar's stability despite central bank intervention helped boost the market as well.
It controlled 35 percent of Champion's common Stock.
Score one for Going Out and one for staying home. So Going Out emerges from this refresher course pretty robustly; the vitality of live events and the uniqueness of each performance score heavily.
The Viacom executive also said the HBO-Fox pact wouldn't hurt Showtime "because there is plenty of other movie product out there" from smaller movie studios.
Another possibility is a push into custom-parts production.
The bonds are convertible into shares of Avis Europe PLC at a set price, however.
Dr. O.C. Smith, a Shelby County medical examiner, said Dennis Johnson, 34, was apparently asphyxiated.
The wall absorbed curses and graffiti and the ritualistic invective of visiting presidents and prime ministers.
Roh deplored the bombing, but said his government still needs to promote dialogue with North Korea to avoid a "possibly more tragic incident." Roh also said increasing violence in the National Assembly elections would be suppressed.
Faltering production and disagreements among the partners over management practices left the venture unable to meet its targets.
Within the Arab world, Saddam's goals are "Iraqi leadership and that he is prepared to use virtually all means to achieve that end, from economic intimidation to the use of force and terror," Reich said in an interview.
But, as far as Europe is concerned, Britain does not lead - it follows.
"The `wire curtain' and the concrete pillars were almost completely removed from Saturday to Monday," MTI said Monday.
Opposition parties were widely expected to disrupt parliamentary proceedings with demands that Takeshita or other top leaders resign to take responsibility for the involvement of prominent party officials in the scandal.
"They'd say, `Come on, Janet, we're going to have something to eat together.'
Complaints and Mice Are Up at Amtrak THE COMPLAINTS sound familiar: lousy service, long delays and mechanical breakdowns.
More recently, he says, corporate downsizing, with resulting layoffs, has spurred activity.
The FDA meets regularly with drug companies testing new drugs to advise the companies on what further research is needed for approval.
About 5.4 million acres of owl habitat already are in national parks or wilderness areas off limits to logging, so an additional 3 million acres would have to be withdrawn.
During an 11-month period in Arizona, the ratio of reported bites to the estimated pet population was 0.3 percent for ferrets, compared with 0.4 percent for cats and 2.2 percent for dogs, they said.
A Soviet emigrant student who transferred to the school this year said she is learning much more than in public school because of a higher teacher-student ratio and intensive instruction.
And delegates ratified an earlier Nationalist proposal to retire by 1991 all 800 elderly members of the lawmaking Legislative Yuan and electoral college from mainland China.
The WIPP was supposed to open last October, but questions about the long-term safety of the salt beds and how waste is to be transported to it have delayed the opening.
According to Mr John Dingell, Democrat chairman of the House energy and commerce committee, and an opponent of the treaty: 'Every sign I see is that the votes are not present for Nafta to be carried.
"That's a good one," says Mr. Musselman.
At the same time, Vicon said it granted Chugai the exclusive right to sell Vicon's video products, which are used in security and control applications, in Japan.
They're solid, mature people whose appetite for politics and for change has been whetted and definitely they don't need gurus or senior advisers," he said.
He sang Finnish folk songs for a while, then inexplicably jumped up and threatened to flatten the man seated in front of him.
I didn't even drink," she said. "And then all of a sudden, bang!
They have reached the level of the mid-1960s in comparative purchasing power, official estimates say.
Boesky paid $100 million in penalties and pleaded guilty to one felony to settle the biggest insider trading case ever.
Return fares to Auckland start at around Pounds 900, cheaper at bucket shops.
Another problem is the image of the Philippines as a low-cost, low-tech manufacturing environment suitable for handicrafts and garments, and perhaps low-end electronics, but not software.
He joins other Soviet artists who have recently been permitted to visit Israel.
The measure would require Congressional approval.
But they were released an hour later when Amal promised villagers that the U.N. force would seek to locate Kasfi and bring him back.
Nevertheless, Soviet pressures are having some effect.
They just don't understand the connection between shoes and images of a girl vacuuming a carpet on a lawn.
I mean, he understood housing, he clearly understood HUD (programs) and HUD regulations," recalls Raymond Reisert, a former PaineWebber executive.
He said there were about 75 protesters.
Captured at gunpoint and moved to Iraq, he spent three months as a human shield in a refinery outside Baghdad.
So, it would be wrong to assume the F&B unit trust is better than a rival fund (which takes the annual charge from income) offering, say, 6 per cent.
Motor insurers benefited from a decline in the frequency of claims, and there was a significant fall in fire and property claims. The value of surrendered policies increased from Pounds 4.9bn in 1991 to Pounds 5.3bn last year.
The onus must always be on bidding companies to ensure everyone keeps mum.
Avana quickly rejected the offer as "wholly unwelcome" and not in the best interests of shareholders.
Sununu threatened any version of the pending "family leave" bill that would mandate such an employee benefit, according to business group lobbyists who attended a White House meeting with him on Monday.
The quake, which measured 6.7 on the Richter scale, struck at 5:34 a.m. near the town of Batang, which is close to Sichuan province's western border with Tibet, the State Seismological Bureau said.
'We did not need any devaluation,' he said yesterday.
Police fired warning shots and burst tear gas canisters in several neighborhoods of the capital to break up crowds, UNI said.
Articles appeared in food sections of newspapers around the country.
These are the weasel words of the wily whip; they do not win anyone's respect.
Van Gogh's "Irises" sold for a record $53.9 million, Sotheby's auction house in New York said.
In the East room ceremony, Bush watched a group of children from Toledo, dressed in traditional Spanish colonial garb, dance to mariachi music.
He said mirrors were cracked, tables damaged, and some statues had fingers broken off.
About 500,000 pounds of marijuana was imported to and distributed from Lafayette and several thousand pounds of cocaine was flown to Shreveport, he said.
But Joseph Ronning, an analyst with Brown Brothers Harriman Inc., warned that the sales improvement might look better than it really is because results last Christmas were disappointing.
The health insurance measure was initiated by the president but then changed in Congress.
The group's positions include rolling back tax breaks for the wealthy, immediate reductions in automotive and industrial pollution levels, and higher pay for teachers.
Four other firms were also identified as Regan contributors and underwriters for the state.
The Los Angeles-based aerospace concern, which has been publicly acknowledged as the radar-evading warplane's developer, probably got the classified contract last fall, the officials said.
Mr. Holmes a Court has permission from U.S. securities regulators to buy as much as 15% of Texaco, and some analysts said his failure to buy up Texaco shares as their price has sagged indicates he is in a cash bind.
Energy futures prices ended mixed in moderate trading Thursday, with crude oil under pressure from short-term softening in demand.
Most taxes are withheld at the workplace, and workers do not need to file annual tax returns.
Until 1980, the building was regularly painted every five years. Because of persistent paint failure, the White House and National Park Service asked the National Bureau of Standards in 1976 to make a study and recommend corrective action.
An 18-year-old injured in a motorcycle accident says words of encouragement recorded by Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino helped pull him out of his three-month coma.
Iraq annexed Kuwait six days after the invasion and last week the former emirate was declared Iraq's 19th province.
The producers of "Die Hard 2" transported cast and crew to three cities in a multimillion-dollar and largely unsuccessful attempt to shoot during a real snowstorm.
The balance of trade with north America was nonetheless healthier than a year ago. The deficit with Western Europe excluding the EC also widened.
On other commodity markets, silver also rose; petroleum futures were mixed; grains and soybeans advanced; and livestock and meat futures rose.
Big banks generally paid at low rates because foreign loan-loss reserves and overseas branch losses hurt U.S. results.
One of the vehicles swerved off the highway into the power pole.
On Saturday, the coalition will hold a Counter-Inaugural Forum at All Soul's Church, followed on Sunday by an interfaith gathering outside the National Cathedral featuring traditional Native American prayers from representatives of the Piscataway nation.
After two weeks of rising prices, the Swiss franc foreign bond market has reached a consolidation phase, with many market participants believing that rates will stabilize around current levels.
The leisure and sportswear company ann-ounced a pre-tax deficit of Pounds 8.6m for 1993 on dwindling turnover; it achieved profits of Pounds 1.11m in 1992. The directors saw little sign of optimism for this year.
About 30 percent of all shares were left unpriced at the end of the session due to lack of sufficient sell orders to match buy orders, traders said.
Neither are hundreds of other tiny museums around the country that thousands of people visit and enjoy.
But significant gaps remained between the Dukakis and Jackson stances on taxes, defense and foreign policy that could be fought out in Denver or on the convention floor next month in Atlanta.
It still isn't completely clear how Credit Lyonnais dug itself such a deep hole.
The United States tripled the strength of its force in the gulf as the `tanker war" worsened in 1987.
Republican McCain denounced the delay as political cowardice.
No one knows how it will end in Kosovo, the former Yugoslav territory ruled by Serbia.
However, police have identified a suspect who has been jailed on unrelated sexual assault charges since Oct. 14.
At one point, 50,000 out of 770,000 customers were without power.
Instead of ignoring them, Bentsen spoke to them directly.
But a 9th Circuit judge, John Noonan, stayed the execution four days before it was to take place.
The concern has about 14.5 million shares outstanding.
Jerry Chase, 25, of Hazlehurst, surrendered Tuesday to Copiah County Sheriff Tommy Jackson.
But in an interview, Mr. Fellheimer vigorously denied that either the company was for sale or that the executives were fired.
As the company pushes ahead with plans to close 21 North American factories, other UAW locals will come under pressure to do as Arlington did.
It would also get out of most of the electronics systems business, which control engines for aircraft and missile systems.
EVEN without the 11 players who retired, defaulted or otherwise withdrew, the 25th US Championships of the open era have provided enough on-court shocks among the men to be sub-titled 'Slaughter on 10th Avenue.'
Aggregate operating profit for the two businesses consequently rose to as much as #50 million in the year ending Sept. 30, from a pre-merger level of about #40 million, analysts estimate.
First the office was three months late in opening, and then there was no turnround.
Load factor declined to 41.4%, from 45.9%.
But it is an open question whether these features justify the judicial construction of a federal contract and tort system on top of the anti-discrimination system Congress has put in place.
Bush told the students that he was in charge of two meetings in which the 1983 Grenada invasion was planned and he said he had helped form and head the South Florida Task Force on Drugs that began seven years ago.
AT&T suspended negotiations with Britain's Cable & Wireless aimed at setting up a global alliance in international telecommunications services, say people familiar with the talks, which could resume in the summer.
A steerer takes a buyer to an apartment, where the dealer accepts the buyer's money and pushes the drugs through an opening in the apartment door.
He rejected Buddism as atheistic, but liked the Sikh religion from the start.
Indian troops have on at least three previous occasions briefly suspended military operations against the Tamil rebels.
Two days later, Mr. Tillotson phoned.
The astronauts then will prepare to end the five-day flight with a landing at Edwards Air Force Base, Calif.
It will begin its investing program Dec. 1.
No way, contends spokesman Michael A. Winter.
The GOP needed it to keep a role in drawing lines for the seven new House seats California is expected to gain, because Democrats easily retained control of the Legislature.
Some GOP lawmakers fear a veto will hurt the party's pro-family image.
Outboard Marine Corp., based in Waukegan, 40 miles north of Chicago, reported fiscal third-quarter net income of $6.8 million, a 76 percent drop from the same period last year.
The Moslem and tribal codes that determine public behavior in Saudi Arabia include bans on alcohol, and the mixing of men and women outside their homes.
It was hard to credit that he should put his name to such a feeble folk-fantasy, devoid of any inventive spark.
The 10.5% debentures are exchangeable for shares of Mobil Corp. common stock that Enron acquired in 1964, when it sold a subsidiary to Mobil, and that it has held in escrow pending redemption of the debentures.
In some instances, according to the indictment, Mr. Fowler obtained documents specifically requested by officials at Boeing or other contractors.
Vast tracts of the hilly high country has been converted to forestry, and it takes 25 to 30 years for a tree to reach maturity.
That compares with Pounds 743m last year after redundancy charges, giving underlying profits growth at mid-point of about 4.5 per cent.
There was no immediate reaction from the Pentagon.
"It's quite high," he told reporters.
Was it concern for the law that caused the House of Representatives to stay in session all night for emotional, if unheard, speeches?
"The Equality Trap" is a generous book filled with profound personal insights and lousy economic theories.
He said the community needed to move towards more realistic prices at a pace the agricultural community could accept.
'My friends who disagree say Europe is in a mess.
"We have had some discussions with regulators, and we are very optimistic that they'd give us the green light on this," he said.
Campbell said it plans to integrate its existing U.K. operations and its Netherlands-based Groko frozen-foods business into Freshbake, which will retain its current management.
A few months ago Akihiro Okumura, a professor of business at Keio University and an adviser to the Ministry of International Trade and Industry, flatly predicted that "in technology, except for aerospace, Japan will win."
The company said it is comfortable with Alex. Brown & Sons' second-quarter earnings estimate of 20 cents a share, revised upward Tuesday from 17 cents.
Keith Blevins, publisher of the Americus Times-Recorder, has been named publisher of The Daily Citizen-News of Dalton.
"Public health and safety, for example," Carl Gidlund, a Forest Service spokesman, said. "Now we have the Public Health Service in to ensure it's clean.
Two suspected Mafiosi were shot to death on the main street of a Palermo suburb, raising to 16 the number of people killed in gangland warfare in Sicily this week, police reported today.
Bert Lance has no official role at the Democratic convention, but Jesse Jackson will make sure there is a place at the table for the burly Georgia politician declared persona non grata four years ago.
ODOR ORDINANCE in Jacksonville is struck down by judge for vagueness.
Options volume is up 35 per cent, and futures volume has more than doubled thanks to the new government bond future.
Cahners has become the largest U.S. trade magazine publisher through a series of high-priced acquisitions in recent years.
The software is explicitly described as an ERP product and is intended to support 'lean,' JIT-type manufacturing procedures. Another ERP product is the Control Manufacturing system from Cincom, first launched in March this year.
That's higher than those of other private-label mortgage securities by 0.05 to 0.10 percentage point, but not as high as some had expected, considering that the loans came from failed S&Ls and include some nonperforming loans.
The government charged today that cash, jewelry, fine wines and fruits were given to the nation's former chief law enforcement officer by defendants in the influence-peddling trial of Leonid I. Brezhnev's son-in-law.
In May, three paintings, among them a Van Gogh and a work by French impressionist Paul Cezanne, were taken from Amsterdam's Municipal Museum.
On Wednesday, the judge took nearly three hours to outline the 19 charges against Heidnik to the jury, and explained all the possible verdicts, among them innocent by reason of insanity and guilty but mentally ill.
The main body of each letter was already typed.
Upper respiratory ailments and back pain are the top two reasons people miss work, says the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons.
By an even more overwhelming ratio of six to one, voters say they want to protect the environment even if it means they will have to pay higher prices.
He noted Dukakis had proclaimed himself tough on crime.
Though the executives were later penalized for breaking securities rules, Mr. Campeau suffered a defeat that plunged him into depression.
A fourth defendant, stockbroker Anthony Parnes, 45, was found guilty of false accounting and theft charges.
"I still think we have a shot at late September," Crippen said.
The whole area is gradually to be integrated with older Jerusalem by a new master plan. When judging the international competition to find an architect the jury had to tackle two problems.
IBM is also offering circuit-boards incorporating its home-built Intel-designed chips to other PC makers. IBM has also demonstrated its ability to improve upon Intel's microprocessor designs.
KWO is an integrated structure, each department depending on each other for success and winning customers.
Among signs of movement in resolving the Cambodian conflict is a dialogue now under way among Cambodian factions and between China and the Soviet Union.
A skull with a Nazi helmet that contains the letters "CIA" is depicted prominently in the mural.
An inquiry by the Indian government concluded that a bomb caused the crash.
The market value of a single strong bank, Security Pacific Corp. of Los Angeles, is $5.8 billion.
Ben Brafman, a lawyer for the company's owner, Angelo Paccione, said, "These were hospital materials.
Jeffrey Percell goes to trial April 6, charged with the slaying of his 61-year-old parents, who were bound, gagged and shot in the head.
Indeed, Canadian bank stock holders face a greater threat of dilution because, unlike U.S. bank rules, Canadian regulations prohibit banks from including loan loss reserves as part of their capital.
He said Bush expressed hopes that Shamir remained committed to the plan he espoused last year.
MSI's board will state its position on the offer on or before Sept. 23, Charles S. Strauch, president and chief executive officer of MSI, said yesterday in a letter to shareholders.
Like most classical musicians, she won't divulge her income.
North is a target of the Iran-Contra investigation being conducted by independent counsel Lawrence Walsh but has not been indicted.
But Mujuru said Zimbabwean troops had gained the upper hand in counterinsurgency operations since the first major incursions eight months ago.
Using a series of 40 hidden cameras, researchers have found a larger population of grizzly bears than previously believed inhabiting a section of national forest in northwestern Montana.
Mr. Joseph declined to say whether any further settlement talks with the SEC are planned; talks earlier this summer collapsed.
Chinese authorities claimed someone had fired on the troops marching along Changan Avenue from a foreigner's apartment in the compound next to mine.
Joe T. Meador, a former Army lieutenant who was among the U.S. troops who entered Quedlinburg in April 1945, is believed to have stolen the artifacts.
The declaration, made public late Friday night, said the congress has decided to mobilize "all means" to assure continuation of the 20-month-old Palestinian uprising in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Delays in placing the detainees in halfway houses was one of the issues n as triggering last year's uprisings at federal prisons in Atlanta and Oakdale, La.
The Calgary, Alberta-based oil and gas concern said holders applied to purchase 3.9 million shares under the offer, which expired Aug. 3.
"The plane was full of fuel and the thieves took three five-gallon `jerry' cans of fuel, enough for another hour in the air," says Max Meyers, MAF president.
Earlier this month, Terry Halperin, the U.S. attorney for the Virgin Islands, announced that she would not bring charges against the mayor there.
Sir Nicholas became a Name in 1973 and last year was a member of 23 syndicates - including two which have made big losses.
Sales for the latest quarter totaled $3.34 billion, up from $3.1 billion during the final quarter of fiscal 1986.
In the 1992 outlook, a widely watched prediction of demand, Seattle-based Boeing extended the 5.2% annual-growth estimate that it last year applied through 2005.
"Friday Night Lights" describes a city hit hard when oil prices plummeted in the early 1980s, ruining a region that depends upon petroleum.
Mr. Welch's name and his "vision" now predominate meetings, as if he were the guru of turbine-generators.
Hungary in September became the first nation to restore ties, and Czechoslovakia was the second on Feb. 9.
U.S. citizens who want to escape from Kuwait by crossing the desert receive daily words of caution by radio from the State Department.
Moreover, economists expect even West Germany's nominal trade surplus to begin receding as the strong mark strains the competitiveness of German exporters.
Chugh comments that tax evasion in its various forms has grown more serious in recent years, leading to significant social and economic consequences.
ALLIED-LYONS, the drinks and food group, has turned almost half of its former London headquarters over to temporary shelter for the homeless. Allied-Lyons has given up three of the eight floors at its former offices in Islington, north London.
"I lost my self-esteem," she said. "I victimized myself and abused my child." The life of a homeless woman is harsh even without having to care for her children, Ms. Hummel said.
Although it has the same amount of office space as the Docklands - 10m sq ft - the vacancy rate in Croydon is just 8 per cent, compared with about 50 per cent in the Docklands.
The insurer's first-half net income rose 17% to 416.9 million guilders ($211.5 million), largely because the year-earlier results were depressed by payments for 1990 winter storm damage.
Cerus will soon place a representative on the Yves Saint Laurent S.A. board, either Mr. De Benedetti himself or Alain Minc, Cerus's day-to-day boss.
The sketchy police unrest report, which covers incidents from the previous 24 hours, did not release any additional details.
Another researcher called the findings a "hopeful statement" for exasperated parents of teen-agers.
Couples often live together unmarried "because of the financial penalty for getting married," says Dame Joan Seccombe, the Conservative Party's vice chairman with responsibility for women.
Hrawi said Lebanon's interest would "best be preserved by implementing the Taif accord," which mainly redistributes power equally between Christians and Moslems.
Last month, the Senate voted to send a delegation of congressional staffers to Poland to assist its legislature, the Sejm, in democratic procedures.
The fact that some abuses may emerge as the new system expands in the marketplace cannot support the type of wholesale condemnation implied in your article.
For Rene Berlandier, president of the fans' association, the main problem facing bullfighting is excessively high ticket prices.
Buck predicted the test will account for 10 percent to 15 percent of all AIDS testing during its second year on the market.
Chrysler, however, rose 1/4 to 16 3/4.
He said the sale will sharpen the company's focus on key markets for information services.
Although nations of the so-called non-aligned movement expressed token solidarity with the Arab League, hard-line Arabs had to back off linking bans on chemical and nuclear weapons for lack of real support.
The Democrats had hoped the president would discuss, in addition to procedure, the contents of a budget compromise.
The taunt caused his critics to back down. Mr Ter-Petrosian is trying to give the appearance of marching gamely ahead. He doesn't mind too much having traded his former career at Yerevan University for his current job.
Planes to and from Chicago are being delayed safely on the ground in an unprecedented attempt to reduce congestion and the growing number of air traffic controller errors at the nation's busiest airport, officials say.
For example, rates on new short-term Treasury bills at the government's regular weekly sale fell to their lowest auction levels in nearly three years.
Most of them agree with the policy goals Washington is setting and most, like Republican Gov. Thomas Kean of New Jersey, believe states can achieve those goals better than Washington.
In the past two years, the government has floated shares in 70 companies and it has recently decided to privatise 15 more, including the big vehicle assembly businesses.
Each is defined by a small urban area: Coronation Street in Weatherfield and Albert Square in Walford.
A vanished fortuneteller and her companion were convicted of duping an elderly woman out of $150,000 after telling her that the souls of her two dead husbands could be raised from hell to heaven.
Lucius Barker, a political science professor at St. Louis' Washington University who was a Jackson delegate in 1984, said the he-cannot-win argument is becoming a code for opposition to Jackson on racial grounds.
Most major Japanese financial institutions will be closed Wednesday through Friday because of holidays.
Later, in London, it fell back to 130.27 yen.
The 16-year-old white girl was killed while attending a volleyball tournament at Conroe High School, where Brandley, who is black, was a janitor.
"This city is what I am. Philadelphia has been home forever," he said.
It would be wonderful if we could use monetary policy to cure inflation without enlarging the deficit and support the dollar without raising interest rates.
Others say it's downright dangerous.
Retail sales fell 0.6 percent in March following a drop in February, the first back-to-back declines in more than three years, the government said today.
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Louisana-Pacific's shares closed at $32.25 a share, unchanged.
Couples embarking on their first marriage tended to have roughly similar educational backgrounds.
But medical and hospital associations have called it misguided.
A huge property group teetered on the brink of collapse. Retailers warned that there were few signs of life in the high street. Dividends were cut or paid uncovered.
The idea is to charge students for spending more than the average time needed to complete a course.
But it also means he has to convince nervous retailer and skeptical employees that he's interested in a long-term relationship and not a fast buck.
With the withdrawal deadline approaching, Najib exhorted the Afghan people to protect their nation's sovereignty.
And Eric Miller, chief market strategist for Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette, says he's skeptical of computer programs, too.
The new company, in turn, would be jointly owned with Nigeria, which would swap crude rather than pay cash for its equity share.
Q. What about China?
A senior State Department official said he hoped that would lead to direct Arab-Israeli peace talks.
At the end of the war he was a highly decorated major general.
"The exposition of the play is a bit crudely done," Lamos said.
Panama's military dictator, Gen.
A broken egg has dried on the living room floor.
The Kennedy Center circulated fliers around town announcing auditions for "macho he-men" to appear this week in Hungarian choreographer Laszlo Seregi's balletic tale of an abortive slave uprising in ancient Rome.
The powdered food is made into a sticky dough with the addition of heat and water.
Mandela's statement, to return to South Africa," a spokesman said.
She said there was no way to know immediately what effects were in Duke's service area outside Charlotte.
"Landscape With Farmhouse And Haystack" by the 17th-century Dutch master Jan van Gooyen, was stolen from the Twenthe National Museum in Enschede on Wednesday, according to the television report Friday.
The ruling also is likely to put further pressure on the Fed to grant banks new investment-banking powers.
Mr. Erck, a San Antonio banker holding 63.4% of one preferred series, plans to vote against the bailout, First City said.
Mandela has "disregarded the existence of the white nation in South Africa," Treurnicht said. "He does not intend to recognize any white community.
He said a doctor examined her on Aug. 12 and found her completely fit.
The IIMR includes major restructuring costs in headline earnings, for example, even though such costs are unlikely to recur.
She takes his gun, gets a nod from him, and kills the horse with one shot. There are no tears afterward; the bravado isn't an act.
It might almost be said that Bentsen takes moderation to an extreme.
After a year of controversy and discontent in Congress, Thornburgh on Monday imposed the change he has been seeking for 15 years.
Swanson and Wood couldn't be reached for comment.
One British politician was positively unrestrained at a lunch addressed by Jack Kemp, housing secretary.
This year, a month-long car trip took them as far as Vancouver, British Columbia.
Last year, it bought $5.5 billion worth and the total for 1988 is forecast at $6.9 million.
Construction spending in August is thought to have increased a modest 0.2% after July's flat reading.
Malaysia has independent unions but highly restrictive labour laws.
Various federal laws and regulations are requiring air bags, larger air conditioners and anti-lock brakes, adding still more costs, she said.
Ms. Drew is currently a managing director in charge of managing Chemical Bank's interest-rate risk and liquidity.
The researchers reported in today's Jornal of American Medical Association that 76 percent of the subjects in their study "were worried' or "somehwat worried" about catching HIV, the AIDS virus.
The studios or independent producers absorb the deficit, hoping to recoup their losses through television reruns, foreign sales and occasional videocassettes.
About 300 evacuees spent the night at Seaford Middle School.
The industry's main concerns are the practicality and cost of dealing with the tax.' Insurance brokers have still to define their position in relation to the new tax, said Mr David Hough of the British Insurance and Investment Brokers' Association.
These are souches - ancient, gnarled vine roots available when vineyards are being replanted.
The local government linked the two currencies in October 1983 at a rate of one U.S. dollar to 7.80 Hong Kong dollars, and has adamantly refused to consider a revaluation.
Much of the liability for the accident, and similar catastrophes, falls on the providers of reinsurance that operate through Lloyds.
The Salvadoran government has offered a reward of $250,000 for information leading to the prosecution of those responsible for the massacre.
The death raised to 507 the number of Palestinians killed in the 18-month uprising against Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Sommerfield began his re-enactment of the inaugural voyage in Mount Vernon, Va., last Sunday.
One area of Soviet support of Cuba likely to be affected by current events in the Middle East is the re-export concessions of crude oil and oil products.
"I can't even explain it to you, and I've seen it three times," says Richard Orloff, marketing manager for the Asbury Park Press, an afternoon newspaper in central New Jersey.
IBM said this was the first time it had bought into a company providing computing services to a particular industry.
"When investors still weren't sure oil prices would continue to rise, they bought these because they thought they were safer" than pure exploration stocks, Mr. Bradshaw says.
I tried to guess what might have put off those early naysayers.
"Rate-sensitive institutional investors likewise shifted dollars from money funds," Mr. Johnson said, "to higher-yielding short-term securities available in the marketplace."
About 300 workers, some chanting obscenties, picketed outside four gates Friday morning.
But a Pentagon official said that civilian aircraft would be 'turned back'. The Pentagon says Iraq has some 60,000 troops in the south, including 2 1/2 divisions of armoured and mechanised forces and associated artillery.
If the proposal is approved by Gesell, the Justice Department will ask the Supreme Court to lift the stay immediately so the North trial may proceed, according to separate statements issued by the department and Walsh.
There weren't any per-share earnings after preferred dividend requirements.
As for Allen, he left his job as he had occupied it: tight-lipped and declining all comment to the media.
After the box office sold out, a couple dozen Soviets began offering to scalp their seats for 25 rubles each.
Censorship rules imposed under the emergency ruled ban or restrict reporting about unrest, security force actions, treatment of detainees, most forms of peaceful protest and a broad range of statements the government considers subversive.
The package remained largely intact.
Saturn has sent employees to Japan to study Japanese automaking procedures, as well as to Germany, said Ms. Kay.
Glaxo and SmithKline Beecham shed a penny each to 553p and 375p. Turnover in aerospace and motor component group Lucas Industries reached 40m as dealers said the company's pension fund sold 20m shares to Smith New Court at 206p.
A skilled miner in the top category will receive a monthly increase of 190 rand, raising the top monthly wage to 1,400 rand.
One student leader, Wang Dan of Beijing University, said the students would hold actions every day through Saturday, when the government will hold Hu's funeral in the Great Hall of the People.
The new administration's length of tenure has not been announced. Gen Sani Abacha will continue to hold his post of defence minister in addition to the new post of vice-president.
The Justice Department said Monday it would prosecute any anti-trust violations it finds in the oil and gasoline price run-up _ and it's looking for them.
The take-your-time-but-do-it-right formula pays dividends in the form of a continuous good appearance.
It was the second time in a week the court upheld police tactics to fight drunken driving.
Federal courts in the 9th federal circuit, including California, will not grant state officials remedies in the form of divestitures once mergers are completed, a policy that prompted Mr. Van de Kamp to sue under state law in the Texaco case.
Not only can no one be possessed by anyone else; eventually, no one can ever be known by anyone else.
The decision says a good deal about French commitment to the single market.
Afraid of electoral reform?
Salvadoran guerrillas Thursday denounced President Alfredo Cristiani's recent cease-fire offer as a tactic taken only to win more military aid for his government.
"But what struck me most about the book was the way he laid his guts out on the matter of his showdown with Jobs," Mr. Bonomo adds.
The oil was already collecting on the Delaware side of the shoreline, Nelson predicted it could pose a serious threat to birds.
Foreign competition in the '50s was for the most part undercapitalized, inexpert and poorly focused.
There are all kinds of other assists in life," he said.
She calls herself Italian by association.
This success should help offset continuing high development expenditures on the MD-11 three-engine jet.
'You could run a small portfolio without buying any shares at all.
The programme is popular over large areas of western Russia. Three pro-Yeltsin state-funded newspapers were kept off the streets because their printing house was strafed with bullets.
He estimated first-quarter earnings at "slightly less" than $2 a share.
"There was no indication the crew was doing any of the things you indicated," he told attorney Michael Chalos.
Rittenberg had taken much of the responsibility for the mayor's problems.
In the first round of voting April 22-23, the Democratic Union won 104 of the 131 seats decided for the 356-seat tricameral regional parliament.
For the past two days, trading in the funds has been volatile because of the end of a two-week bank-settlement period.
Leningrad party chief Boris Gidaspov, seen as a likely leader of a conservative counterattack against Gorbachev, withdrew his candidacy for the city council after a poll of voters ranked him 9th on a list of 10 prominent figures, local journalists said.
Belgium's other big retail chains, Groupe GIB and Colruyt N.V., also are expected to outpace the market in the quarter. GIB announced late last month a better-than-expected 1990 profit rise of 14%.
The Transportation Department granted the route to American in September.
The cutbacks, the most severe yet in the carrier's effort to shrink its way to profitability, make it plain that Eastern will readily liquidate any operation that fails to promise short-term returns.
In seven years, it shed nearly 13,000 jobs to about 28,000 by the end of last year; improved training; and cut inventories. RVI nearly went bankrupt before its restructuring took effect.
Credit Suisse is expected to continue the trend when it releases figures on Friday.
Relations between the two groups have worsened since the start of the uprising.
"We're not in the film business," Mr. Maxey said.
Foreign trade scored a 1988 surplus of $618 million.
Southland Corp. said it signed a letter of intent to sell 21 of its 7-Eleven stores in Missouri to FFP Partners L.P., a Fort Worth, Texas-based company formed last year to purchase convenience stores.
"Our sutures come out of the package straight and smooth," he says.
The U.S. has said the 1990 Soviet immigration ceiling is higher than the roughly 50,000 Soviets the United States will admit this year.
Crucial to the decision, he said, is investigators' ability to find two key witnesses.
It meant that instead of answering questions about why Congress didn't prevent the savings and loan scandal, or why it can't balance the budget, lawmakers were in sudden demand as local experts on foreign policy.
The misery of Mozambique is an open book that can be read in many ways.
But some see peril in the scenario approach.
The press material stresses the opportunities the film has given to unknown black actors, including Mr. Murphy's romantic co-star, Shari Headley, who was chosen from more than 1,000 candidates.
And when asked 'What is the first thing you notice about girls' bodies?'
A local Sandinista political official with a bull horn exhorts the crowd to turn back.
Protesters said teachers need an independent union to guard schools from government influence.
Cavaco Silva points out Portugal's growth rate of an estimated 4.2 percent in 1988 is almost double the European Economic Community average and a 6 percent unemployment rate is relatively low for EEC standards.
"We are disappointed that Texas Eastern refused to agree to treat Coastal fairly and not to enact any new poison pill," Coastal President James R. Paul said.
Union Pacific originally argued against the merger, which would have created the nation's third-largest rail system.
The reports said negotiations were continuing.
About six U.S. Border Patrol agents assist in interdiction efforts.
"In reality I have always been healthy," Deng said.
ABB declined comment before studying the report.
"The Saudis have to save face and keep some semblance of order," a Chicago-based oil trader said.
"They don't want to harm them by undermining anything the U.S. is doing here."
The militants have been calling for self-rule or independence in northern and eastern areas.
In delegates before the Illinois returns, Dukakis held the lead over Jackson, but his margin was almost wiped out by the Illinois returns.
And the media, it goes without saying, would be horrified at such an effort at "censorship," now redefined to include the absence of government funding.
Although dances were banned on school property, dances have been held at a community center in the town, and Purdy students have organized junior-senior proms and held them in neighboring communities.
Sultan Qaboos became the latest Arab monarch to indicate a willingness to allow greater democracy.
The CBOT dominates futures trading in U.S. Treasury futures.
The random testing is expected to begin after Jan. 14, Kortan said.
The Agriculture Department in January revised 1987 hay output downward to 149.1 million tons from last October's preliminary forecast of 153.7 million tons.
A new policy at the American Association of Museums is "nudging" museums to take responsibility, says Kathy Dwyer, program director.
Gold itself slipped $6.75 an ounce to $437.35 at its London afternoon fixing.
"Despite the controversy and disagreement that Paz' ideological position generates, his creative quality is indisputable," said Jaime Labastida, a poet who stands opposed to Paz on many political issues.
Violence continued Sunday when at least 17 people were killed.
It has a population of 110 million.
Judge Greene said the two jurors had informed him that each was contacted by telephone Monday by a woman identifying herself as a reporter.
The agency quoted San Carlos police station chief Capt.
Altogether, Zimbabwe's five-year program calls for $16 billion of investment, an estimated $12.6 billion of it from local sources.
Assuming Philips holds on until it thinks otherwise, investors should take their cue from the parent.
The commission is designated 'nonpartisan' - no more than three members can be from one party. Mr Watson tends to be a hands-on sleuth.
On Tuesday, Insilco said it would divest itself of its units that make modular housing and provide materials for individuals to build homes.
"That's the job of the local reporter, but I don't do that in the book," she says. "This is more of a household encyclopedia that would be applicable anywhere."
The $500 million value placed on the transaction by the manufacturer includes spare parts and training for the crews of the airline, one of two which flies overseas from the People's Republic of China.
The committee has used the Olympics to improve the environment rather than accepting it as an ugly polluting monster, too powerful to be turned aside.
The first faculty meeting after the holidays.
The subway signs will describe the city's public assistance programs so that people can make an educated decision about whether to give money, Koch said.
'It seems like they are trying to fit a square into a round hole,' he said.
We are claiming one thing only.
Last year he was cutting wood for a window frame when he stooped to pluck something from the ground, looked up and discovered the top part of his thumb missing.
"In these uncertain conditions, it's essential to seek further cost savings," he said.
Nixon's books on foreign policy were required reading at Reagan's National Security Council.
When he learned that Mr. Morris apparently had created the virus that played hob with computers all over the country, Mr. Friedell says, "I was shocked."
"It was nice," she said. "I didn't have to do anything.
Metal bats make it easier to hit home runs and artificially raise players' averages, says Jim Small, a major league spokesman.
Here is a breakdown on the prison sentence: Counts 1 and 2, mail fraud, 5 years.
It hides the fact that fewer and fewer young American families can afford to buy their own house today.
Joining Mrs. Williams in her worries was her 78-year-old neighbor, Rosa Ferguson, who retired on a small pension.
It was filed as a shelf registration last fall for issuance when conditions are right.
But whether the markets would interpret any widening of the target range in such a kindly light, remains to be seen. Again, with the ECA, it is hard to anticipate the impact of any changes, without seeing details of the alterations proposed.
Denmark is among the nations banning weapons exports to Iran and Iraq.
Then, on Aug. 20, Paul Kagan Associates, a research concern, held a bullish conference in New York on video retailing.
However, Kessler noted Lambert had told police that the man had brushy eyebrows and an Elvis Presley-like haircut.
Foreign funds have been channeled into investments here instead of being spent on U.S. goods.
"We're never going to be able to make it.
On Sept. 6, the Bank Board seized control of American Savings, and turned it into a federally chartered mutual thrift, owned by its depositors, as a step to prepare for the Bass Group acquisition.
The Pledge of Allegiance is an emotional issue.
All at once Samir slid to the ground, and putting on Othman's head in place of his own, started crawling towards me.
An official at the state hospital in Port-au-Prince said the morgue received the bodies of two people shot before dawn Wednesday.
"I want to see Michael Jackson as me," he said. "There was talk that Eddie Murphy would do it, but I think he would talk too nasty, say things that don't need to be said.
Soft money contributions to Republican parties from all sources came to $16.7 million and to $11.8 million for Democratic parties, according to the study.
Ten guerrillas also died.
The woman apparently had been cashing some of the victims' Social Security checks for several months, he said.
Atari charged that Micron Technology, a microchip maker, is illegally profiting from the U.S.-Japanese semiconductor trade agreement.
Streets throughout the region known as the Lowcountry are littered with piles of leaves, broken limbs and logs from felled trees _ some piled so high they obscure the view of the houses beyond.
Probes placed in the mouths of volunteers can measure bacterial acid production but not the effects on the enamel.
Mrs. Locasto was charged with felony child endangerment and was released after posting $50,000 bail late Thursday.
They are not permitted to trade in equity-related secondary markets -equities, convertible bonds or warrant bonds.
"All eyes are on the pound-dollar rate," said Jonathan Williams, a salesman at Barclays de Zoete Wedd.
What he found was a two-year gap when his earnings as a Senate staffer weren't recorded at all.
Like Michael J. Fox, Bruce Willis and other TV stars, Johnson was flooded with offers from film producers seeking to transmit his Sonny Crockett allure to theatrical attractions.
"I do not believe that the British are occupying forces," he told reporters. "My impression in Northern Ireland is that the British are trying to play a constructive role.
Sentiment was cautious ahead of Tuesday's British trade report for August, dealers said.
These determined authenticity and the amount of restoration of every item proposed.
It is breathtaking that the very cabinet minister with responsibility for company laws should put in a word for a man charged with comprehensively breaking them.
Earlier this month, the judge issued a restraining order blocking the carrier's plans to reduce its service and close its Kansas City hub Sept. 1.
But the national dailies ran editorials urging the two sides to resolve their differences.
We all know that Budgets that are well-received on the day of delivery often turn out to be turkeys.
SCRATCH 'N SNIFF, orders the 'very smelly leaflet' about Grimsby's new National Fishing Heritage Centre.
Suddenly, the potent mixture of avarice and optimism that blasted Japanese stocks into the stratosphere in the 1980s has been supplanted by a pervasive sense of gloom.
On Sunday evening, the storm was downgraded to a tropical depression, located near Columbia with maximum sustained winds of 30 mph in squalls.
He said Wednesday he and other family members have formed Chatham Acquisition Corp. and retained Goldman Sachs & Co. as financial adviser.
He stands up to the Russians in '88, only to end up in the American Gulag.
Buying interest in Du Pont, which declared a stock split and a dividend boost, and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes.
But a firm date hasn't been set and Wall said he is concerned public opinion will harden and Congress may even recess until next year before he gets a chance to tell his side of the story.
In the early 1970s, three were set up for leading groups of state employees (mainly men) who did not strike or collectively bargain: top civil servants and judges; doctors and dentists; and the armed forces.
Warner's "Lethal Weapon 2" had the third-highest box-office sales of any movie last year.
Its fortifications, chateau, winding streets and son et lumieres are picturebook Europe.
"Every year he trades his socks to get that bill one step further, and this year he traded enough to win."
Two sonic booms crackled over the desert as Atlantis swooped powerless through the clear sky, making wide circles as it descended.
The companies have denied the allegations.
Klein said the new equipment would be able to look at 1,000 different stars that are thought to be similar to the Earth's sun, locations that experts believe hold the best chance for the evolution of life.
Currently, the losses are funded out of escrow accounts held for the creditors, which contain the proceeds of sales of Eastern assets.
The inquiry represents a departure for the Bank of England in its role as supervisor of Britain's banking system.
The ovens are in perfect order, and are still used every night to bake the bread served in the shop.
Mostly dry weather prevailed across the rest of the nation.
Mr. Downie argues that the Post wrote about the prostitution ring in May and that a story, in answer to the Times' disclosures starting June 29, appeared in the Post's metro section July 1.
Dukakis has said he personally opposes abortion but believes women should have the right to decide.
But share prices resumed the upward path when the Dow Industrial Average opened with a gain of 9 points in UK trading hours. The final reading put the FT-SE Index at 2,552.0 for a gain on the day of 12.1 points.
"The bailout will result in a massive geographic transfer of wealth to the Southwest, as well as a transfer of wealth from taxpayers to savers," Hill said.
Dukakis and Bush were invited to separate interviews on "Nightline," but the vice president declined.
Gloves weren't removed for fear of frostbite. 'I'm not turning back now,' said John. 'Nor I' We stood on the summit ridge of McKinley at about 9pm.
Bush claims he would have signed it anyway.
Sector differences are just as pronounced.
The pro-democracy movement began with small protests led by students who wanted an end to the one-party rule of Gen.
Living in a private home in a big city is not without problems. "You are your own super and are responsible for all the maintenance, and it's difficult, costly and frustrating to get things repaired," says Kassell.
"Obviously at $1.99 you don't make money.
Malaysia has its own pollution problems, the result of eight years of more than 8 per cent economic growth, and is reluctant to lay all the blame on Indonesia.
Seventy police officers searched 15 locations around Germany on Monday for evidence that could link Schalck to $162 million missing from East German coffers.
About $148.2 million of 8 1/8% bonds due in 2017 were priced to yield 8.191%.
The purchase took Clark into another growth sector. The brand had gained a 25 per cent share of the bottled water market in the Scottish grocery sector in six years and was beginning to expand into England.
Mr. Fairfax said his revised bid is conditioned on Tryart's accumulating at least 75% of John Fairfax Ltd.'s shares.
Oats averaged $2.58 per bushel in August, down 28 cents, while barley averaged $2.79 per bushel, down 18 cents, the department said.
He took the job in July, three months after the Canadian newspaper group Hollinger Inc. bought the Post.
Funding for both this benefits increase and the Agent Orange measure was anticipated in the budget, so it won't inflate the spending limits, congressional analysts say.
IRISH theatre has not been so strong since the days of George Bernard Shaw and Sean O'Casey.
"I'm looking forward to this year being over," says William E. Mayer, the soft-spoken chief executive of the company's First Boston Corp. unit.
That, in effect, is exactly what the Council of Economic Advisers does in the latest Economic Report.
He makes a particularly strenuous effort to show that she was a fascist, linking her with Hitler and Mussolini at every opportunity, but Mr. Higham overexerts himself here, and thereby weakens his own case.
A down payment of at least $4,500 would be required; in fact, the average FHA owner-occupant puts down just under 10%.
Anne Frick, senior oilseed analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities Inc., said the report was another indication of slack foreign demand for soybeans.
Hong Kong's labor shortage prompts many businessmen to want immigration rules eased to admit more foreign workers, and construction begun on major projects like a new airport.
Pro-Moscow forces in Estonia stopped work today at several factories to protest the republic's independence drive, but the strikes were not widespread, spokesmen said.
Fires are rekindled and new fodder arrives.
Milwaukee-based Miller began to turn that around in 1973 when it started testing a new light beer under the Lite name it bought from another brewer.
In reality, it has not advanced much in the past 16 years. All over Africa you will find boulevards, squares and even churches re-named after Roger Milla, the continent's hero of 1990.
It was designed to counter claims that American negotiators in Geneva are encouraging the proposal.
He has worked for the foundation for 37 years and will be 62 in two months.
There was a wide railway reserve going through the city and Stewart (Elliott, his long-time British associate) said why not use that. 'No sane person has invested money in a railway this century.
Andreotti said he would work to revive the five party coalition _ Christian Democrats, Socialists, and the small Republican, Liberal and Social Democrat parties _ which has governed in recent years.
Chunks of metal had sliced through roofs and shattered windows in homes and cars.
The possible nationalisation by the Ontario provincial government of the local motor insurance industry would wrest control of the successful Pilot subsidiary from GA, leading to possible losses of Pounds 12m.
The case was assigned to U.S. District William C. O'Kelley, who imposed a gag order on lawyers on the case.
Firestone also said late Thursday that its board recommended shareholders reject the rival, unsolicited $58 a share buyout offer from Italian tiremaker Pirelli SpA that had spurred the Bridgestone proposal.
A 1937 paper from the Chiefs of the Imperial General Staff conceded the military's inability to fight in three theaters at once.
Bates' wife, Adria Bates, 40, a teacher aide at the school, suffered gunshot wounds to the scalp and back.
A snowstorm today coated firefighters and their equipment with ice, but officials were confident they had a handle on a blaze feeding on millions of gallons of jet fuel at Stapleton International Airport.
Under terms of the plan, which also must be approved by Campeau's other creditors, O&Y would forgive its C$235 million of secured loans to Campeau in return for Campeau securities and a 50% interest in a Toronto office tower.
"If you don't know how to read the teacher's eyes and face and know its your turn you're not ready to be a detective," he says.
About 300 pilots who allege they were coerced to resign or retire during a bitter strike against Continental in 1983 say that under a recent federal appeals-court ruling, their suits will now be heard on an expedited basis.
Some pair conservative stock funds with money-market funds.
The Haddads fled from their home in the Ashrafiyeh neighborhood near the Green Line because their apartment block had no bomb shelter.
The EPA, an independent regulatory agency created in 1970 to enforce environmental laws, would become the 15th Cabinet agency.
This would be accomplished by putting Poland under the Generalized System of Preferences, which gives this form of trade relief to selected countries with low per-capita incomes.
Under current regulations, Australian companies generally can't buy their own shares, although some recently have found ways around this rule.
"We believe ultimately we will not have to close the Free Press because we believe we will be awarded a JOA (joint operating agreement)," he testified.
Full-year sales totaled $2.75 billion, up from $2.52 billion the previous year.
The body was found about 11:30 p.m. in the rubble of the explosion, Jordan said.
The infected disks are imprinted with a green decorative pattern.
And the Interior Ministry could order the inderfinite suspension of news media without a hearing.
Given four years in which to do the job his administrative overhaul could make the difference in a score or more of marginals.
At Northwest Missouri, off-campus students must buy their own or use terminals on campus; more and more courses require their use. On campus, computers are universal.
As a precaution, Vitarine has recalled nearly all of its various drugs produced since 1986, even though the company maintains the medicines are safe.
Drexel "made a killing on these kinds of deals," Mr. Lazard says.
People are asking what they can do," Dudycz said Monday.
Today he has both.
Now the FDA has invoked essentially the same procedure that would be used to establish the safety of a new product, but has no standing to remove breast implants from the market in the absence of clear evidence that they are a definite health risk.
For electrical and electronic components, sales and operating profit increased substantially, while sales improved slightly for professional equipment.
The third measure, by Democratic Rep. Brian Rush, would require gun stores to post signs warning gun owners about leaving loaded weapons within reach of children.
But prospects for strong, non-inflationary economic growth and the expected benefits of corporate restructuring are beginning to take over from less stable factors as the drive behind the market.
"The Sandinistas interpreted this as an unwillingness of the Soviets to assume" responsibility to protect the regime, he says.
The companies will operate under the Commonwealth Insurance name.
He said a bank should have policies in place ensuring it is not overly involved in LBOs, does not lend too much to a single borrower and does not concentrate its lending to a single industry.
"The idea is to do away with the claustrophobic feeling, to have more open areas," said Angie Sheffer, executive assistant to Warden Joseph Petrovsky.
Can you say there is a reform faction and a conservative faction?
Based on his research, Englade said he is not convinced Stuart actually killed his wife or even if he jumped off the bridge voluntarily.
When I started the festival in Spoleto, Italy (in 1958), I made an investigation about the Colla puppets.
But intense competition for consumer banking business has forced a change.
It fell into loss in this year's first quarter and slashed production by more than 40 per cent in order to reduce its backlog of unsold vehicles.
Winds of 25 to 40 mph were clocked from Wisconsin into eastern Iowa and Missouri, Indiana and Michigan.
Even if some local tastes are different now, Mr. Levitt says, that doesn't mean they will be in the future.
Up to now, the administration has followed a conventional approach in its foreign-debt negotiations, signing a major accord last month that rescheduled $30 billion of debt over 19 years at sharply reduced interest rates.
The apparent leading candidate, Mr. Howard, served as an attorney for Eastern Airlines for several years before joining Piedmont in 1978 as a senior vice president.
After deliberating five hours, the 12-member jury acquitted Ben Atene Jr. of all counts Monday following his second trial in the deaths of officers Roy Lee Stanley and Andy Begay.
However, it appeared possible that Mr. Buchi might not wish to continue, or that General Pinochet might seek a minister less committed to fiscal austerity.
Polaroid officials refused to comment on the open letter, but did reveal that it had rejected an Oct. 7 request by Shamrock President Stanley Gold to meet with the employees.
Now, demand for new issues is very strong and investors have begun to take a new interest in publishing stocks.
Sept. 15 _ An American hostage, the Rev. Benjamin Weir, is released.
A year earlier, Daniel earned $2.4 million, or 23 cents a share, on revenue of $46.5 million.
Is there time to find some Brussels directive that will stop this game before it gets out of hand? If Highland Fling is anything to go by, there is a case against Bourne for aggravated and witless vandalism. The piece is an unabashed stinker.
Japan's upper house of parliament voted to approve a controversial bill that would allow Japanese troops to serve overseas on peacekeeping missions for the first time since the end of the Second World War.
In the first half, sales declined 3%, to 2.47 billion marks from 2.54 billion marks.
The truck carrier, which said last month that it expects to report a loss for the second quarter, added that James W. Connors, its chairman and chief executive officer, will soon resign.
Orders in 1987's first nine months increased 4% from a year earlier.
The fourth time, they were put into a trance and told to imagine that a local anesthetic was spreading from the fingers of their left hand up through the forearm.
For decades, the same government daily had railed against capitalism in small, gray type.
While Greenwood says many use the market here like a casino, he and other analysts predict that more serious long-term investors will make big gains on the Securities Exchange of Thailand over the next few years.
'It is certainly not the case that on April 1 1998, when the contracts end, the whole thing disappears up his backside,' he said.
"I said, `If the son of a bitch competes with us, we'll turn him in to the IRS,'" Mr. Smith recalls.
Mamo, 54, lives in a small government-supplied apartment with his wife and four of his chidren.
Civilization has climbed above such perils.
Adolfo Calero, a leader of U.S.-backed guerrillas in Nicaragua is denying that his troops trained in Panama or received funds from the Panamanian government.
The story said Miss Taylor was expected to be released from the hospital within two weeks and would leave on the arm of her 23-year-old boyfriend Julian Lee Hobbs of Lake Orion, a suburb of Detroit.
Mr. Hoernig's business is going so well that he has become a Florida booking agent for Western travel companies and is searching for an American partner.
Jack W. Goodall Jr., chairman, president and chief executive officer of Foodmaker Inc., was named a director of this car rental concern, increasing board membership to six.
Stocks did most of their climbing just before the close in a barrage of program-trading activity linked to a set of expiring options and futures on stock indexes and individual stocks.
In 1986, when the Soviet Union last harvested 92 million tons of wheat _ the 1987 crop was 83.3 million tons _ it included much low-quality grain, which prompted large imports of higher quality U.S. wheat.
Wheat prices rallied on ongoing expectations that China and the Soviet Union plan big purchases, Good harvesting weather forecast for the weekend also added a negative tone to corn and soybean prices, analysts said.
Under the agreement, the operator of rural health-care systems said it must close or sell 22 of its 40 systems, "plus certain other business interests."
The danger is particularly great when the car in front is filled with members of the young hot-rod gangs known as bosozoku or the older gangsters known as yakuza.
For example, 70% of the toys in Europe are sold at Christmas, which means Toys "R" Us can exploit the off-season market, Ms. Lakner of Deutsche Bank Capital says.
In the case of Flight 103, an FAA advisory had been issued about the threat of a bomb aboard a U.S. airline flight from Frankfurt, Germany, to the United States.
Army Secretary Stone disclosed in an interview that he and top U.S. generals have drafted proposals to delay for at least a year the deep troop reductions that are an integral part of the congressional deficit-reduction package.
Roh has promised to end decades of authoritarian rule and introduce sweeping democratic reforms and is anxious to build popular support.
No petitions to place Jackson's name on the vice presidential roll call _ a move he had hinted at last week _ were submitted by this morning's deadline.
It will also simplify procedures for registering them, abolishing the distinction between between trademarks and service marks.
The securities are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by S&P.
The young woman led the battle to integrate Nashville's lunch counters and explode its 1960s racial mores.
Eppelmann, a Lutheran pastor, often sheltered dissidents during the Communist regime and played a leading role in the popular movement that brought down the Communist government last year.
Most of those assets were in farms and property ground rents, some dating back to the dissolution of the monasteries.
The best showing of the day came from Ford, which announced third-quarter net income of 79 cents a share, a sharp turnround from the year ago 66 cents a share loss.
One contended the statute Peterson is charged under is too vague; the other said evidence and testimony presented at the preliminary examination did not support the charge.
But in proposing that charities receive rewards for good contractual performance rather than by virtue of their charitable status, it would risk turning charities into little more than government agencies.
Though he lost the presidential race two months ago, Dukakis said that loss had little impact on his decision.
Here is a rundown of the five areas of women's status and the findings of the study: _Health: This category included infant and child mortality, mortality of women in their childbearing years and life expectancy.
Seattle-based Boeing planned to invest $3 billion in an entirely new aircraft design but didn't think airlines were ready.
Johnson is chairman of the Los Angeles Times.
By requiring instead a supermajority vote, board approval or a specified minimum price equal to the price in the first step, a fair-price statute can make success more expensive for an acquirer seeking 100% control of a target firm.
The Karen and the Mon are among the diverse ethnic groups that have fought for decades against central control by Rangoon.
Overall, 29 of the world's 100 largest banks are Japanese.
They have also lashed out at any hint that Bush is trying to ease sanctions against China, imposed last year as punishment for its repression of pro-democracy reforms.
Mr. Joyce hunches over the fish scanner, while crewmen peer over the side for the silvery glint of herring.
It has decontrolled prices on about 30 items, although many essentials remain under control.
The concern is pulling the mark down against the Swiss franc and the yen, but is having little impact on dollar-mark trading, they said.
Transit police spokesman Al O'Leary said men passed a note demanding money to the clerk in the booth.
White voters sent mixed messages to the governing National Party, but one point was clear: The government will get nowhere trying to please both reformists and racists.
The group closed a number of production plants in Europe, and also consolidated part of its French interests on one site at Romainville in Seine-Saint-Denis.
"She said something like `You just want to make it easy for the school.'
Mr. Yoshida said Kubota hadn't yet formulated a legal strategy because the company hasn't yet seen the lawsuit.
The foundations of the tower and the rest of its lower part were built by King Henry II in 1172.
A company spokesman had no comment on the progress of talks.
Nagib Ghafoor, spokesman for the Flight 655 Litigation Group, said the suit was filed June 28 in U.S. District Court in San Francisco on behalf of relatives of 83 victims.
They had to paddle 200 miles upstream on the Paraguay River in Brazil because high winds had blown water plants into a solid mass that blocked their path, and later spent 17 days without touching shore on the same river because of floods.
"No country has the right to dictate the rules of the game to us," he added.
Norden has been part of Hartford-based UTC since 1958.
Can't bash our voters with the longest recession since the 1930s, falling house prices, negative equity, unemployment and then make them pay university fees for their kids.
In 1992-93 pre-tax profits plunged by 71.2 per cent to Y28.9bn.
The toilet facilities are primitive.
"As far as we're concerned, he can fly," said Paris.
On other commodity markets, soybean futures surged; grains were higher; copper futures fell; pork bellies rose sharply while livestock futures were mixed; and energy futures were mixed.
The pace of phone innovation in the U.S. is a factor of competition in each of the interrelated components of the industry.
Police Sgt. David Brown said the protesters were taken to the Police Academy, where they were issued citations for trespassing.
Houston-based Pennzoil said it plans to operate Facet as a separate entity.
The only sign of the historic occasion was the pilot's announcement that all drinks would be free, the traditional airline gesture to mark a special occasion, usually an unexplained delay.
The storms brought gusts of more than 80 mph in Atlanta and Macon, with tornadoes damaging structures in Columbus, Americus and other parts of northeastern Georgia.
Though the company has said it may use some of the cash in its long-term acquisition plans, its cash position undoubtedly played a major role in deciding to pay a dividend.
To dramatize her plight this past weekend, Kerstin Vockert launched balloons on the breeze to East Berlin carrying scraps of paper with a message of love drawn from Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet to her fiance Peter Rozinat.
The Agriculture Department also said it had accepted bids from private exporters to cover a sale of nearly 400,000 metric tons of wheat to China at subsidized prices.
John says adoption agencies are inflexible and too slow to find black parents for black babies.
Its seasonally adjusted Help Wanted Advertising Index rose 3 points in March to 159.
Most recurrent dance routine: The Rockettes-like line of kickers.
The Sweet Sue of the title is a divorced artist in her forties who supports herself and her three children by creating cards for Hallmark.
The hostages include nine Americans.
London cocoa prices advanced Pounds 18 a tonne in early trading on news of rioting in the Ivory Coast capital Abidjan.
Recent financial data for Lorilleux weren't available, but the company had net income of 4.2 million French francs ($783,000) on revenue of one billion francs for 1986.
It asks for an injunction to block plans by researchers at the National Institute of Health to use a rat virus to manipulate a gene in an experimental treatment of melanoma, a virulent and often fatal skin cancer.
He said the 1975 peak was about $415, equivalent to about $780 in current dollars.
Through BHC, Chris-Craft owns about 33.1 million Warner shares and controls about 17% of the voting power in Warner.
"These guys are probably going to be far back behind the lines, but water is one of the most important things over there," said Capt.
In late January, Coppola and Zoetrope Productions filed for bankruptcy protection from creditors, listing assets of $22.2 million and debts of $28.9 million.
Just when the Mondadori affair will end is anybody's guess.
But he said the only reason an attorney general should resign is if he is indicted or if the president asks him to step down.
Until Soviet troops entered Baku to restore order, widespread reports had gunmen seizing conventional arms and ammunition from Soviet depots.
MTI said the agency would be remodeled and given a new name to conform with the new approach.
Mortgage rates correspondingly dropped from 15.4 per cent to 7.99 per cent over the same period. With mortgage payments so comprehensively reduced, housing affordability has increased.
"There was no smuggling in this, nothing illegal."
"I feel some reward by this trip," said Johnson. "I feel I have first-hand information about what's happening here, the chance of people being injured in certain areas.
Weakening cash markets and bearish chart signals prompted heavy selling of pork futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and the selling spilled over into the cattle pits.
The law can be invoked only by U.S. manufacturers.
Fred House was killed and Swapp was wounded in the exchange.
Profit attributable to ordinary shares in 1990 amounted to #207.1 million, up 15% from #180.6 million in 1989.
The all-white federal jury in Arkansas returned the verdict on its fourth day of deliberations.
The unsettled suits centered on the deaths of John and Virginia Causey of West Point, Va., and John W. Ryder, identified in court documents as a citizen of Australia.
There has long been speculation that the orders to kill Markov came from Bucharest.
City officials agreed instead to close its infamous jail, Tlaxcoaque.
Thomson has not been able to use its ownership of Lunn Poly to boost sales but Airtours and Owners Abroad, being more aggressive, might be able to.
The legislation stems in part from work by Stewart Udall, former congressman and interior secretary, who represented the uranium miners in a lawsuit against the government in 1979.
Japan has no anti-espionage laws.
In a concurring opinion to today's ruling, Starr expressed regret that the court did not refer last year's issue for the same study by the D.C. court.
Mitchelson said Shatner has remained married to Marci Shatner, his second wife, throughout the relationship with Montes. Mitchelson said the actor spent time with each woman.
The annual rate of increase for all of 1987 was 2.2 percent.
A District of Columbia Superior Court judge is trying to decide whether sending a juvenile back to Alabama to face a possible death sentence would violate the district's ban on capital punishment.
Now, 23 months later, the Resolution Trust Corp. is finally beginning those renegotiations, buying back notes issued to shore up the institutions' net worth and trying to trim fat off the payments for covered assets.
Casual examination of the evidence suggests that personal income, interest rates and the price of fuel are the more significant determinants.
"But that still needs to be proved," he said.
We just had an accident last year." Still, such accidents worry potential investors.
Already, U.S. officials see signs that the deepening economic misery could produce a tide of Cubans trying to force their way into the U.S.
Under the plan, convoys of Finnish buses will shuttle emigrants, mainly from the Leningrad area, to Lappeenranta, a town with an airport 12 miles from the Soviet border.
Women increased their share of cotton farming to 3.5 percent in 1987 from 3 percent in 1982, with the largest number of female operators in Texas and Mississippi.
Was Mr. Robertson seeking to renounce a biblical precept for political gain?
The municipal operation, which includes salesmen, traders and bankers, totals about 150 to 200 people, officials say.
"The pressure is always there" to give favorable ratings, says Jack Rivkin, director of research for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
An examiner also was appointed earlier this month in the Interco Inc. bankruptcy.
He has been blanketing the state with eye-catching ads and a provocative message: that President Bush has betrayed conservative values by raising taxes, doling out too much foreign aid and too often making common cause with Democrats.
The country is burdened by a mammoth budget deficit, sky-high inflation, competition from its Common Market neighbors and a legacy of financial scandals left behind by the government of former Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou.
Selling in the second quarter shifted more heavily to bonds from stocks, a matter deserving of some discussion later.
"Over time, honesty catches up with these candidates," he says.
It was believed to be the first kidnapping of a non-Israeli in Israel or its occupied territories.
His main legislative accomplishment during eight years in the Senate was the Job Training Partnership Act of 1983.
"I think this industry is deplorable in marketing innovativeness," he said, contending that sameness is turning the business into one selling commodities.
He was a member of Phi Beta Kappa at New York University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1948.
Friends who used to place mutual security first now care more about extracting increasing amounts of American aid in exchange for the U.S. military presence.
Moreover, Mr. Goldstein said that rising borrowing costs in Japan will deter some companies from making new investments here, even as prices of U.S. assets decline.
Reliance won't publicly confirm the higher amount.
He did not mention it in his speech Friday, but the session still has a day to run.
"Many market players are still doubtful that the decrease in the U.S. deficit will continue," Ms. Takeuchi said.
Now he has to sort it out with skeptics, with Democrats who see him as the wrong representative to choose after a presidential election in which the L word _ liberal _ was used by Republicans as a political curse.
The French company increased its shareholding by acquiring an option to buy a 7.5% holding in Sun Life currently owned by Belgium's Groupe AG.
Kalish said under his 1987 plea bargain with federal prosecutors in Florida, he agreed to forfeit $2.8 million in assets but the government can seize any other assets it can find.
Meantime, the FBI has a program to test new recruits, probationary employees and those workers suspected of using drugs, Sessions said.
Reagan and Mitterrand met for 35 minutes in a downtown hotel just before the first session, discussing disarmament and the challenge of improving education in their countries, said Vedrine said.
Adding to those worries was the bond market's impression from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan's Humphrey-Hawkins testimony that the central bank isn't as staunch about fighting inflation as it might be.
President Bush vowed Thursday to press Mikhail S. Gorbachev for freedom for Jews denied the right to emigrate from the Soviet Union to join their families elsewhere.
Answering a question from a junior high school student as to whether the United States would ever have a woman president, Reagan said he thought it was inevitable.
Mr. Garron responds that any manager too preoccupied to keep tabs on workers' offensive behavior "is in deep sneakers."
The industrialists nevertheless are benefiting from a deceleration in the wages bill.
These days Ms. Griffith drives a sedate BMW sedan.
We are just looking to see what the public wants.' The consultation period will run to the end of the year, and a decision is not expected until next spring.
Pending an appeal by the New Zealand team, led by Michael Fay, the finals for the next Cup challenge are scheduled to be held in mid-1992 in San Diego.
July delivery copper rose 1.95 cents a pound to 92.35 cents.
Learn to love truth.
But, he adds, "I don't know how any exchange can survive with products in only one area." He notes that the Philadelphia exchange has thrived by expanding from a base in stocks into options on stocks and currencies.
In addition, the company said, an effort to diversify marketing channels and product use also is paying off.
Although he once called Bach his "bible" and Chopin his "first musical food," Szeryng also had a passion for contemporary music.
Though heartened by the offer, wary Solidarity activists said they suspected the government was seeking accord only to calm unrest caused by rising inflation and consumer shortages.
She was sentenced to a two-year suspended prison term and placed on probation for three years.
Abortion rights activists held a candlelight vigil late Wednesday outside the Idaho Capitol, promising to continue to fight a bill establishing the most restrictive abortion law in any state.
"He was going to get married a week later," Oralia Ojeda said of her son.
His position is, you comply and after you comply, you can come to me and I will consider your proposal," Sussman said.
The panel included three Canadian and two U.S. members.
They are likely to try to clinch a debt agreement with Russia quickly.
Coppola's daughter, Sofia, has the role of Mary Corleone, Michael's daughter.
Figures for U.S. retail sales, producer and consumer prices in May and trade figures for April are due to be released this week in Washington.
The United States is contributing a $200 million grant to the stabilization fund, intended to help put Poland's currency on a sound footing.
Given this commitment, Mr Lamont's talk of an independent target for inflation is largely otiose.
Another passenger, a Jordanian with a heart condition, was freed Tuesday.
Foreign Office officials said there was no question of sending them to Vietnam.
Another auto assembly plant is to be built in nearby East Liberty, and the existing Anna engine plant is to be expanded.
Jewish prayers and religious services in Belmonte are led by women, in Portuguese.
The fast growth hasn't been problem free.
The deck hand, Stanley Watt, 57, suffered chest and abdominal bruising and was kept at the hospital for observation, the spokesman said.
Revlon filed suit this week in Santa Clara County Superior Court against the company, Logisticon of Santa Clara.
He applauded the pilot's skill in bringing the plane down without more deaths.
The reason that percentage isn't higher, McCurry said, was a limited availability of the vehicles from Japan.
Virginia Rose, one of about 400 people who spent the night at an emergency Red Cross center, said, "I have antiques, silver and nice things.
The lack of health care for some is "a distribution problem," he added, comparing it to the inability to get surplus food to all the hungry.
Traders said the $9.50-per-ounce gain was mostly a response to stepped-up gold buying in the Middle East.
Raymond Rabb, the Louisiana Department of Labor official who Drexel says supplied the statistics used in the ad, disputes that claim.
But critics of the amendment said the changes envisioned by Nickels would allow polluters in some cases to obtain permits that would allow them to escape some provisions of the new law.
Insisting "I am not a cult leader," Eldridge Broussard Jr. said Tuesday his Ecclesia Athletic Association was running out of money.
The throat closed and nails were chewed.
The Tokyo Stock Exchange's key index resumed its rise to new highs today, while the dollar gained against the Japanese yen.
"For a long time, I bore the burden of guilt because I hadn't done more to stop it," he said. "But I've resolved it now.
He said the U.S. Air Force count of 52 dead was "incorrect." He said 40 of the dead had been identified: 33 West Germans, two Americans, a Dutch citizen and one from France, and the three Italian pilots involved in the collision.
She was expected to be arraigned later Monday night or early Tuesday, Deeds said.
While the brightly written, picture-filled book may be bursting with spirit, though, it appears very thin on substance in several cases.
The group wants U.S.-trained Soviet business leaders who can help with the expansion of trade between the Soviet Union and other countries, Amacher said.
Cleanup crews planned to resume shoreline work on an experimental basis, testing different pressurized washing systems.
More than 30 Lord Geller employees quit after the top six executives walked out last month, with most joining the new agency.
The two deals will be announced within the next three weeks, as soon as final language of the contract is worked out, the article said.
But traders laid aside their qualms about the election.
The K-V fund is not a deep pocket.
JAPAN'S current account surplus in the six months to June rose by 19.8 per cent from a year earlier to Dollars 67.5bn (Pounds 45.30bn).
If after hearing arguments in the fall, the high court upholds the verdicts, the companies and the bank's directors may face an additional $13 million in liability under federal law from the class action.
Before he joined Telex, Mr. Bragg was vice president for corporate development at what was then known as Memorex Corp. from 1974 to 1981, according to the Memorex spokesman.
Mrs. Dukakis, who likes to shop while on campaign trips, leaned over and said, "We haven't discussed it." Dukakis was returning to Boston on a commercial commuter flight Monday night and planned to be back in his Statehouse offices Tuesday.
Of course, it may turn out that the Soviet Union's "new thinking," or poor results from perestroika, will lead to an exchange of guns for butter.
Though the SBA generally tries to wean participating companies from such contracts before graduation, many firms are unable to find business outside of the program, says Edward C. Neal, deputy associate administrator for minority small business.
In the first half of 1992 it fell a further 29 per cent. The reasons were twofold.
Much of the advertising is for ethnic products, local merchants, real estate agents and other businesses catering to U.S. Asians. But more mainstream companies are testing campaigns in Korean, Chinese, Japanese and other Asian languages.
At the comparable time in 1986, House and Senate contenders had raised $167 million, of which $41 million was in PAC money, a 24 percent share.
Shaw, who has been to Graceland 36 times, said he decided last year to find a Russian fan to sponsor.
He said 13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales.
Paul Kleinaitis, an analyst with Duff & Phelps in Chicago, countered that USG "doesn't lend itself to easy restructuring."
He picked up the phone and bought some right there.
So perhaps the shock isn't that Felicia Morgan is charged with shooting and killing another teen-age girl with a Raven last October, but that it didn't happen sooner.
The Greggs said they heard the intruders on the other side of their locked bedroom door but managed to escape via a side door.
But proponents of a Whitehead trip say Iraq's support for terrorism is relatively minor, and that better relations with Washington have moderated Iraq's behavior considerably.
If it were up to them, they'd have public executions in the courtyard." Alexandria has evicted 18 families from public and private housing after two controlled drug buys from each residence, Moran said.
But none of the banks born during the petrodollar recycling boom of the early 1980s has fully achieved its international ambitions.
Secretary of State James A. Baker III, who has repeatedly cautioned Iraq that the military option might be taken, consulted last week with more than a dozen foreign ministers attending the U.N. General Assembly session.
"The water just kept rising," said Angela Haney as she left with her husband and three young daughters.
It is a process of gradual dilution, with companies typically targeting share issues at domestic and international institutions to broaden their ownership base.
She was to go to trial on those charges Monday.
Exxon was warned by the U.S. and Alaska that they are willing to go to trial to resolve criminal and civil claims from the 1989 Valdez spill.
Since the first of the year, the church has held six funerals for men who died of AIDS.
Other researchers are investigating ways to genetically engineer better farm animals, such as leaner, disease-resistant cattle.
"My father was truly a great man.
Shortly after takeoff, the cargo door opened at 22,000 feet. Nine passengers were swept out of the plane and five others suffered serious injuries.
Buyers of catastrophe reinsurance can still beat prices down.
In some cities, Citibank provides personal bankers so that customers can become familiar with the same person over time.
The mother was dying when they were discovered, and veterinarians killed it.
As played by Helen Mirren, Tennison is a dedicated careerist stuck in a deadend job, a hard-edged, hard-smoking woman of a certain age.
He acknowledged that it will take a long time _ perhaps decades _ to definitely determine the safety of breast implants.
Quayle is a passionate defender of the Strategic Defense Initiative _ the space-based missile defense system _ and he takes a consistently skeptical view of the Soviet Union's reform moves.
The US had to avoid the 'stop-go' cycles of the past. Bonds Page 30 US stocks Page 41 It is difficult to see yesterday's gilts auction as anything but disappointing.
In 1935, he was elected Connecticut's secretary of state.
"There's something in that woodpile that ain't all wood," he said. "For the Democratic vice presidential nominee to bolt the party, it sounds to me like he wants to run for president," he said.
The session by the 159-nation group begins Monday and is expected to last at least three days.
In any event, the reduction of VOCs is a Sisyphean task. Natural VOCs are emitted by trees and plants, and some investigators believe these exceed man-made emissions.
The deaths caused by thin ice came Monday, Meyers' first day as a counselor at Camp O'Neal, a facility for troubled youths.
Shaw, granddaughter of newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst, asked for the pardon last August.
FCC Commissioner Dennis Patrick is widely considered to be the front-runner to succeed Mr. Fowler.
A $100 million issue of Consolidated Natural Gas Co. debentures due October 1992.
Mr John Smith is constrained by the antiquated mechanisms of the Labour party.
Thin trading conditions also were mentioned by traders as a reason for a rally in the orange juice futures market.
Amnesty said 140 people were executed on a single day in November.
Fatuous remarks were made in that debate, such as the assertion by then-Sen.
Some thought the elections would affect the policy toward the gulf, others thought international pressure would be more important.
Local residential telephone rates across America are due to go up twice in the coming months, but state utility consumer advocates are trying to head off the increases before they can take effect.
Sumner County Judge Jane Wheatcraft dismissed the assault and battery charge on Wednesday and expressed her sympathy for Monroe.
For 1990 through October, DINA's share of the combined medium and heavy truck market in Mexico was nearly 50 percent, Navistar said.
'And India could start selling again.
The pact, reached after two days of intensive talks, also stipulates that neither side can unilaterally withdraw from the negotiations and that each delegation will have authority to reach binding accords.
Some examples: _ Constant polling by Bush pollster Robert Teeter, involving no fewer than 1,000 calls each night, was used extensively to guide Bush's itinerary, enabling him get the most political bang from each appearance.
The bill still has to go through three other committees _ including one where the erection of a formidable roadblock is anticipated later this month _ before a final vote by the full House.
It looks like a pretty good defensive move, and he has made everybody wealthy in the process, except Amax," said analyst Rick Cohen, of Toronto's BBN James Capel Inc.
It would also limit transactions between the new units and the phone company subsidiaries and open their books to regulators.
Ms. Knight and other National Park Service employees fought back by working throughout the winter to mount a fire exhibit here.
He said the government made $17,000 on the sale to private interests who weeks later resold it for $37 million.
A federal judge dismissed bankruptcy proceedings brought by the government against three organizations associated with political extremist Lyndon H. LaRouche.
The number of congressional seats allocated to each state is shuffled every 10 years to reflect population changes.
Hart said he knows of no Canadian vessels fishing where they don't belong. "We've never seen any over there.
But David Shorrock, executive vice president of Reflectone Inc., insists quality isn't the domain of either top management or workers.
The latest quarter's net interest income before provision for loan losses fell 18% to $19.5 million from $23.7 million in the yearearlier period.
"Today is a day of joy for all Germans," said Kohl.
'France is in a solitary position,' Mr Soisson said.
By contrast, he says, small companies without consultants usually rely on a single broker who may work with only one insurer.
Many Kanaks favor independence.
Their manner, their lack of I-was-there bombast, may make a few old-timers think of Ernie Pyle's musings on life after the war, thoughts that the famed war correspondent wrote in France in August 1944.
Two masked Shining Path rebels have shot and killed one of the local founders of President-elect Alberto Fujimori's party in this Andean city, police say.
Sugar is rationed in the Soviet Union, primarily because it is used for making moonshine.
Donald Vinson, who oversees the experiments, isn't some white-coated researcher.
AnnTaylor Stores Corp.'s senior subordinated discount notes, maturing in 1999, added 1 1/2 points to finish at 76 1/2.
Volume was 433 million shares, down sharply from 869.6 million shares in the previous session.
The young fighter, whose steps are carefree, likes the girl _ and other girls.
"It's discrimination," says Hannelore Wass, a University of Florida professor who has studied the media's depiction of the elderly.
We may almost hear the bees hum, and the clock tick.
The government succeeded in raising Dr450bn (Pounds 1.2bn) needed this month to finance the public debt through sales of treasury bills at interest of up to 27 per cent and Ecu- and US dollar-linked bonds.
It has since accused Libya of supporting rebels based in Sudan's sparsely populated Darfur province, where the Khartoum goverment exercises practically no control.
The U.S. Court of Appeals upheld a ruling by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission that permits the agency to review evacuation plans filed by utilities, even when states or local governments had refused to participate in designing those plans.
One of the photographers' schemes involves the invention of a phony photo "stringer" named Growald.
Shells crashed into residential areas of Beirut on Friday during a five-hour battle that sent civilians rushing to bomb shelters.
Wilfredo Huayta, Peru's energy and mines minister, said late Tuesday that exports won't be resumed "until there is a clarification and there is an equilibrium in the price of the metal."
In Phyllis Curtin's master classes in recent weeks, his voice has blossomed.
Prices soared Monday because of hot, dry weather throughout much of the Corn Belt, and thundershowers that occurred in parts of Iowa and Minnesota during yesterday's session made traders nervous, analysts said.
Noting the rise in demand for iron ore, partly reflecting the upturn in the steel industry, Mr. Moore said Cleveland-Cliffs' iron-ore mines are expected to produce 40 million tons of pellets this year, up from 34 million tons in 1987.
On the average, the Soviet Union supplies about 3,200 calories per day to each citizen, compared with 3,500 for the average American.
The action was coordinated with the Japanese, West German, French and Italian central banks, according to the report.
It was the internal business of the Soviet Union, they said.
Eligibility for variable compensation that once was mostly limited to executive and sales personnel is now being extended to other employee groups, the board said.
Kansas Republicans are holding their collective breath, hoping they will hear good news when Sen. Nancy Kassebaum reveals later this month whether she will seek a third term in 1990.
Remic mortgage securities is being offered in eight classes.
The environment has become an issue of great concern to many Soviets as Mikhail S. Gorbachev's policy of "glasnost," or openness, has revealed the extent of ecological damage in candid media articles.
But he also won the endorsement of the New Republic magazine, whose editor was a former teacher of his at Harvard.
The Supreme Court said the California taxes do not violate religious freedom.
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office, and in May filed a $2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner, charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business.
Mr. Chastain wouldn't comment on how the new board would respond to such offers.
Prince Aya also wore a traditional Japanese court costume, although his was simpler.
We will miss her.
If he could meet the Cruzans, Foreman said, "I would plead with them that for whatever reason they won't feed their daughter, there are many, many people who are volunteering to care for her.
Air Force Secretary Donald Rice and Chief of Staff Gen.
The other candidate was Caddo rancher and political newcomer Jerry Hoyt.
In 1985, the marginal rate would have declined to 9%.
First his steering started to stick, then the engine made odd noises.
Perhaps the grandly-named Orchestre Philharmonique des Pays de la Loire slightly underrated the difficulty of accompanying comic opera at this level.
As a result of the sale, Nacco will receive about $15.2 million, $5.2 million of which will be paid at closing and the balance in installments.
The opposition press was silenced once more and leaders of a huge anti-government rally arrested.
Those investors include a number of professional portfolio managers, men and women whose reputations depend on being right most of the time.
Pan Am said it pulled the ads "at the last minute" because "discussions with American are still continuing, and for the meantime the joint frequent-flier program is unchanged."
Dukakis spent the evening at his Brookline duplex, watching the returns on three television sets tuned to each of the networks.
Chairman Raymond A. Hay said the decline in steel profits was caused by higher costs, lower selling prices and lower volume.
"It escaped in such an incredible hurry, so fast, that even if the equipment had been in place, it wouldn't have been enough," he said.
In his final report on government regulations, Reagan listed reducing regulatory burdens imposed under past presidents, "cutting red tape and slowing the pace of new regulations" as one of his proudest achievements.
In 1970 he was named best Italian conductor, and in the following years he was hailed for his guest appearances in San Francisco, Chicago and at the New York Metropolitan.
The move follows criticism of the Naval Investigative Service's initial investigation of reports that Marine security guards at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow let Soviet agents roam the building after hours.
Dade Circuit Judge Francis Christie said surrendering the items "would tend to incriminate her" in parallel criminal investigations.
According to the filing, the group holds 139,000 shares of Indiana Federal and may buy or sell additional shares in the open market, in private transaction or otherwise.
Relative to the world index, funds have always tended to be underweight in Japan.
Martin dubbed her Mary Reilly, had her learn to read and write at a school financed by Jekyll's largesse and set her to keeping a diary of the goings-on at the well-appointed mansion.
The habit of watching CNN regularly rose from 21 percent in the youngest age bracket to 28 percent for people in their 50s and 60s. It dropped to 22 percent for viewers over 70.
"As a proprietary, they're through," one source said.
The first sale, in February 1987, generated a wave of excitement in the stock market, as the shares doubled within days from their offering price of 1.6 million yen each.
It said the policeman was hospitalized with minor injuries.
Kuwaitis and Iraqis are all Iraqis, eternally.
Israeli soldiers Sunday turned back a U.N. convoy carrying food and other supplies to this West Bank camp, where refugees under a 32-day-old curfew complained of severe shortages.
A substantial unresolved debt problem of low-income countries remains, especially in sub-Saharan Africa.
Municipal Issues Municipal bonds finished narrowly mixed in a lethargic session.
In comparison with many other developed countries we are under-banked: there are more people still paid in cash and there are more monetary transactions carried out in cash than elsewhere.
Asked if Mr Khasbulatov could win, Mr Pyotr Filippov, a radical deputy, says: 'In the short-term maybe but not in the long term.
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund operator, was forced to unload nearly $1 billion in equities because of its unusually aggressive investment strategy.
Eastern States has about 950 employees.
Until the early 1980s, transplant surgery was an experimental procedure confined to a handful of hospitals where doctors battled, usually in vain, against the human immune system's awesome power to reject foreign invaders, especially other human tissue.
The other 15 landed in the water near the China coast or crashed after the crews bailed out, according to an official War Department report of the mission.
Hallmark Cards Inc. received clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to buy 600,600 Kansas City Southern Industries Inc. common shares, giving the greeting-card maker a 10% stake in the railroad and data-processing concern.
According to people familiar with the inquiry, prosecutors intend to file conspiracy and bribery charges against Messrs.
They also have to ensure that they comply with the 1969 Employers' Liability Act, which says an employer must have at least Pounds 2m of cover.
The title of coadjutor bestowed on him by the pontiff gives the prelate the automatic right to succeed Bishop Johannes Vonderach, 72, as head of the Chur Diocese.
Even so F&C seems to be living up to its pioneering reputation.
So far, the contest has been fought through traditional ads and letters to shareholders, but with Monday's shareholder meeting fast approaching, Mr. Icahn has taken his fight to the airwaves.
Ever cautious about network failures, Morgan had each carrier guarantee that it would maintain a certain level of service or forfeit a chunk of Morgan's monthly tab.
So far, RTC real estate sales have been lagging those of other thrift assets.
The army said it was checking the reports of wounded.
Already, Philips has poured the equivalent of about $230 million into Super Club.
Without the twin engines of falling interest rates and rising earnings projections, big-stock indexes have little to do but wander.
Mr. Quevrin, the GBL director, said part of the proceeds will be used to help GBL achieve its long-stated aim of raising its stake in Petrofina to 25% from about 20%, but he said GBL will wait for favorable market conditions.
Yesterday, the State Department said Libya is on the verge of full-scale production of chemical weapons, a development it called especially worrisome in view of Col. Moammar Gadhafi's record.
Mr. Duke is certainly no ordinary adversary.
For now, because of the Gibraltar government's rejection of anything smacking of a Spanish takeover, there is a lull in negotiations between Spain and Britain on the colony's future.
But, consistent with most addresses by foreign leaders before joint meetings of Congress, only a small percentage of the 535 voting members actually were present.
Goldman's Mr. Cholnoky calls Fireman's, Chubb, Safeco and Ohio Casualty "weak holds for the near term."
The agreement was announced July 21.
A one-month stay of execution was granted March 17, a day before the six had been sentenced to hang.
At one point, addressing a defense claim that only top-level officials in Washington were at fault and that Ms. Begay should have sued them, Muecke replied: "I find that rather astonishing.
And Bush spent $400,000 in television advertising to boost his vote.
ETA, whose name stands for Homeland and Liberty in the Basque language, seeks independence for the three-province Basque region and Navarre, the neighboring region where the attack took place.
The Monday quake and resulting landslide in the Soviet Central Asian republic 1,300 miles east of Armenia killed 1,000 people, according to preliminary official estimates.
Real wages and disposable income have fallen.
Both sides gathered at a hall this morning in the City, London's financial district, for a second joint session.
Yields that are often higher by a half percentage point are needed to overcome potential investors' "premium phobia," says Steven J. Hueglin, executive vice president of Gabriele, Hueglin & Cashman Inc., a New York municipal-bond firm.
A cheer rattled the rafters of Town Hall after the school committee voted unanimously Monday night to reinstate Norman Najimy.
Share prices also rebounded on the Osaka Stock Exchange, the country's second largest bourse, but the Osaka 50, Japan's only stock futures contract, declined.
"I expect a very mixed reaction (to the ending)," said Bruce Paltrow, one of the show's executive producers. "I think some people will think it's extraordinary and existential and quintessential `St.
The same day, Reagan will speak at Republican rallies in Springfield, Mo., and San Diego.
So they procrastinate, waiting for it to become clear which technology is the best.
"We're at the stage where most Americans, including members of this committee, are just starting to address the substance of this issue," says Rep. Bill McCollum of Florida, a member of the platform committee.
He and another non-executive, Mr Alan Clements, then contacted between six and eight institutional investors. That the institutions were unhappy and wanted changes at the top came through loud and clear.
The betting now among analysts is that Mr. Frist cannot afford to drop the idea of the buy-out.
The two met Sunday night with Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu and stressed the importance of U.S.-Japan cooperation in relations with China.
But the facts support some optimism.
Vehicle output is 27 per cent higher than in 1992.
But after seeing the exhibit, he relented.
In addition, the drug retailer disclosed it is offering to exchange higher-yielding, earlier-maturing long-term debt for its 7 1/8% convertible debentures due 2006.
The agreement requires the new bank to sell branch buildings, deposits and small-business and consumer loans in 116 Western markets where the two banks had competed.
"They came early in the morning and just said they wanted Shadrack," she says, "I said, 'What's wrong with Shadrack?' but they didn't say anything.
In contrast to previous economic booms, Japanese auto companies aren't just trying to boost production.
Each of the plan's three stages still must be approved by the 12-member board after hearings later this year.
He gave the task force until Aug. 1 to complete this task.
Poles tearfully accepted the Soviet Union's apology for the massacre of almost 15,000 Polish officers during World War II, but demanded reparations and more details of the killings.
The prime minister, who believes companies perform better when the government isn't running them, has overseen the transformation of stodgy nationalized industries into thriving competitive businesses.
The Tokyu Department Store is going all out this year to make sure its pet-owning customers have a vast array chocolates, cookies, fish sausages and other drool-inducing delicacies to choose from.
Analysts have lowered their predictions of Apple's third-quarter earnings to about 85 cents a share as a result. Last year, Apple had third-quarter profit of $119.8 million, or 96 cents a share, on sales of $1.36 billion.
It is more likely to be met in a live parliament with Labour and the Liberal Democrats in opposition than with Labour in power.
IP officials said no one was exposed outside the mill.
Since 1990, employment in the US defence industry has fallen from 1.3m to 800,000. There has also been a string of deals with companies trading businesses.
Mr. Breeden, who called a pay increase the most important issue facing the commission, said that all regulatory agencies except the SEC and CFTC have the ability to go above government pay caps.
Officials hope, however, that they will learn that going easy on the soil will eventually improve yields, raise income and improve land prices. However bad the situation may be, it is far from irreversible.
Attorneys for North, who is to be tried first, have appealed for a delay of his trial from its scheduled start on Sept. 20 until March 1989.
In prior crises we often broke loose from the bounds of conventional thinking by seeking the solution in a condition precisely opposite the one troubling us.
The president deemed the cubic entry an effort "to unite technical prowess with purity of form." But in emphasizing form over function, the developers have drawn fire for what many see as more of an oddity than an artistic endeavor.
It was introduced in October 1992 and is on release 2.3. Hardware and operating systems: Unix and IBM-type personal computers running Windows. Supplier: Mitre Technology, part of K2, a UK computing services group.
Stan Druckenmiller, a managing director of Soros Fund Management, explains that Mr. Soros outperformed the market in that period mainly with a big bet that the Japanese yen would rise and the U.S. dollar would fall.
In the written message to Krenz, Bush said he welcomed the country's new open-border policy, according to ADN.
Instead, some of them, including Mr. Lipton, accuse Mr. Lederman of acting unethically by disclosing inside information about certain of his clients and about takeovers on which he has worked, according to people familiar with the dispute.
The Azerbaijan People's Front political movement, which organized a general strike that included the rail tieup, decided this week to end the blockade.
Joanna's father, Rolando Noda, grabbed his shotgun and ran toward the police car where Quiles sat handcuffed after his arrest, but an officer stopped him and persuaded him to put the gun away.
I'm willing to stay in the summit but I'll just say flatly that I think it is an error to give in to the Democratic party," he said.
Last month, Gillett and a partner agreed to buy a Tampa, Fla., station for about $365 million.
For Soviets accustomed to hearing that crime was a product of capitalist exploitation and would disappear under socialism, such reports _ now possible under Gorbachev's policy of greater openness _ are perplexing and frightening.
The U.S. government considers Rodriguez a puppet of Noriega, who commands Panama's police and military.
"She ran down my driveway," said Sara Fonseca. "She tried to climb the back stairs but fell."
After the shock of a civil war or large-scale repression, a move to reclaim strategic depth in Central Europe might not seem especially daunting, and ruined oil and coal production might be the cause of a foray south.
They did not say how they were flown in or give other details of the airlift.
"The university did react and deal with it in a very forthright manner," said Rhoda E. Johnson, who heads the women's studies department.
Forgive me again.' Each woman looms in the other's mind. May (after pacing): 'Were you asleep?' Voice: 'Deep asleep.
As Koop said to The Associated Press: "This is not a prohibitive society.
"I believe congressmen should serve their constituents just as well as they serve their libido," Marty Davis said. "It boils down to this: Having a relationship is normal.
The backup developed late Wednesday as drivers from eastern Germany returned home after a one-day holiday.
"It's definitely good for Bell and Elders," said Fred Oldfield, an Australian analyst at Potter Partners in New York.
The notion stems from Sen. Bentsen's interest in encouraging long-range thinking by American business interests and in discouraging short-term trading for quick profits.
Iranians doing business with the West have image problems enough, even without stubble.
The announcement coincided with the company releasing figures for its first fiscal quarter that showed it had a 16 percent increase in earnings compared to a year earlier.
He reached the chimpanzee and pulled it back to the island.
Some said Mr. Trump's buying could act as a catalyst, either for a hostile bid, for a restructuring that could spin off some MCA assets, or for the sale of the company to a friendly outsider.
Without the guarantee, state-controlled enterprises formerly would have had to pay a risk premium on their borrowings because of France's shaky balance of payments position, a high inflation rate and exchange controls.
North was convicted of altering and shredding documents and of two other charges in the Iran-Contra affair.
Last year in particular saw considerable strengthening of ties through sport between Seoul and socialist countries, highlighted by the large delegation China sent to September's Asian Games.
Access to the enclave, which is surrounded by fencing, is strictly controlled.
The third-quarter loss nearly wiped out the $251 million the automaker earned in the first six months of 1990, Chrysler reported.
It takes place in World War II during the German occupation of Paris, when a strict curfew made it essential to catch the last subway train home.
Mr. Schindler served in the 2nd Battalion, 273rd Infantry, and was among the first to meet the Russians at the Elbe.
The shortage already is apparent in the modest-priced units that Soviet immigrant families can afford on government housing subsidies of $237 monthly.
The justices said they will decide whether people who intervene in civil rights cases _ and are not the principal defendants _ may be forced to reimburse the lawyer fees incurred by those who successfully sue.
By contrast, the Massachusetts governor offers a safe median.
He also said he was looking at opening the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in New Mexico to its first shipment of military nuclear wastes in October or November.
The seniors pay nothing _ the Stanley M. Isaacs Neighborhood Center, which operates Meals on Wheels, pays $4.57 per person per hour to link the lonely, Brown said.
Guerrillas of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front have pursued a steady campaign of economic sabotage as part of their 8-year-old war against the U.S.-backed government.
That led to purchase of a table saw and other equipment, and ultimately to the lathe on which he shapes bowls that have sold for $300 to $750. He once said it took 40 to 50 hours to make one of them.
Construction of the vessels at both yards was delayed for two years because of hundreds of design changes.
The United States has been the strongest proponent of decisive action against Noriega, but other OAS countries maintain that the group should stay out of what is an essentially internal Panamanian matter.
The 1976 murder of former Chilean diplomat Orlando Letelier on a tree-lined traffic circle in Washington touched off a furor that strained U.S.-Chilean relations and sent two men to prison.
Santander, with its partner, the Royal Bank of Scotland, bought out Portugal's Banco Comercio e Industria three years ago. BPI is using the Itausa group as a white knight.
But the corporate players wanted a so-called parimutuel system, where the casino takes a set percentage to handle wagers among bettors.
"It was a fat, overweight industry that ran into a wall and ended up in the hospital for a few years.
"There is the possibility that others are there," Terstiege told the AP. "It's also possible that because of the arrests, any who may have been there are now trying to leave the country.
Some producers are turning down new network shows rather than take the risk that they won't be able to recoup their costs.
Several deputies objected to a provision in the bill on associations that, in effect, would prevent political parties from being active until next year.
Wrap your wallet in rubber bands _ that makes it much harder to slip out of the pocket, suggests the American Express Company.
Elsa will remain connected to an oxygen tank for a few more months.
By September, the 75 gambling halls had 1,900 slot machines, 91 blackjack games and 27 poker games, he said.
Saddam also accused Kuwait of exceeding OPEC production quotas, thus driving down the price of oil, a major Iraqi revenue source.
No other government hands its opponents free gifts like that.
One of the latest spins: "LBO stubs."
For the quarter ended Nov. 30, Sudbury had a loss of $5.1 million, or 40 cents a share, compared with a loss of $3.5 million, or 28 cents a share, a year earlier.
Mr. Friend says he agreed to strike Mr. Alexander above the belt.
Even now, at 37 1/8, he still sees long-term value in a company with 40% to 45% growth in quarterly revenue.
He said that Lotus has already run 16,000 tests on the software in its own laboratories.
It landed him a spot on "Late Night with David Letterman."
Currently, EPA officials are agonizing over whether the law requires them to impose penalties on areas that violate the standards.
Trading was thin with 430 million shares changing hands on the first section, down from Wednesday's 500 million.
She does not know sign language, but is taking classes in it.
Pinnacle West bought Merabank for $426 million in December 1986, the year the state's real estate market hit the skids.
In February, Mr Hannah announced that La Escondida would step up production by a further 80,000 tonnes - the output of a medium-sized mine - by 1994.
Bank of New England Corp. on Friday announced plans to sell or consolidate more than 95 branch offices to help streamline the financially troubled company.
In the background are lighted billboards advertising products endorsed by models in various stages of undress.
The company had per-share earnings of 78 cents, down 9% from 86 cents in the year-ago quarter.
Mr. Jefferies got community service in Aspen teaching youngsters how to play golf.
Another shopper, Irina Ushakova explains: "It's all a matter of personal relationships, really.
Less than 47% of those surveyed said they plan to take a vacation in the next six months, down from more than 52% a year ago.
Lawmakers want to avoid last year's spectacle of Congress passing a $600 billion bill to fund the entire government in the wee hours of a December morning.
Just 9 percent said the nation's 108 fully operating commercial nuclear power plants should be closed down immediately; 48 percent said they should continue to operate and 35 percent said they should be phased out gradually.
A Pennsylvania couple who want genetic testing of a girl they believe is their daughter will get a chance to present their case to a judge on Nov. 4.
Preston said the product safety commission had planned a major bicycle safety project for 1989 but it was cut back because funds were not available.
It then offered the Tchaikovsky Violin Concerto, with Midori, the Japanese Wunderkind, making her Proms debut.
Hyatt also cut its advertising by 13%, to $5 million.
Owners Nancy Briggs and Juanita Crampton started the restaurant four years ago as a sideline to their catering firm, Briggs & Crampton.
It is ironic that Argentina, which generally hasn't followed policies as consistent and strict as those of Mexico, considers itself a candidate for a bigger discount than Mexico.
The advent of a new president is accompanied by a flurry of media attention and public curiosity, Hess said, and the former White House occupant generally just drifts away from power, Hess said.
Wilder is expected to announce his political plans this summer.
Holding out the prospect of paperless business transactions, EDI never quite delivered.
Battles between the South African-led security forces and black nationalist guerrillas occurred for an eighth straight day today, police said.
Chrysler holders authorized an increase in common shares outstanding to 500 million from 300 million.
"But many of the public employees were forced by the (Noriega) government to participate in pro-government demonstrations or join the paramilitary groups.
Remaining proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.
Among the so-called workout specialists wooing distressed partnerships are the same people who helped run them when they got into trouble.
The company said it expects American Savings to provide 15% of its income, and to become the "cornerstone" of its involvement in the financial-services industry.
If it's cheap enough, they'll buy the goods in bulk, with stringent delivery terms.
Debit card spending has grown faster than that for credit cards, with the bulk of debit card spending occurring in supermarkets and off-licences.
In Iowa and New Hampshire, Democratic presidential candidate Bruce Babbitt uses computer communications to keep staffers abreast of his positions on arms control and other issues.
It's over three weeks since Jacques Attali's European Bank for Reconstruction and Development opened for business.
"The (Maverick) missiles are considered vital to the Federal Republic of Germany's stated goal to increase ammunition stocks to defend against Eastern Bloc armor," the Pentagon said.
The suit, filed in Hong Kong in early November, has been the major stumbling block in efforts to reach an agreement to bail out the shipping group.
In a suit filed last month, the Sugarman companies asked that all holders vote on the takeover offer as a single class.
Instead, he said he would withhold tax-exempt status until the state legislature approves certain changes in the way the company is governed.
But the bill's easy passage reflected Senate Republicans' split over how to move the bill forward, yet pressure congressional conferees to modify the final package.
Right-wing death squads have killed more than 50 people in Medellin in the last two years, and left-wing guerrillas have been active in the area for a decade.
The previous week, New Zealand Prime Minister David Lange complained in Brussels, the EC headquarters, about new Common Market restrictions on New Zealand apples and about possible problems related to 1992.
Sales figures had been 50 per cent higher than a year ago. Mr Jonathan Harvey, a director of Friend & Falcke, an agency covering Chelsea, Knightsbridge and Belgravia, said Easter had been quiet as many vendors were on holiday.
He spoke by telephone from the Ukrainian city 500 miles south of Moscow in the Donentsk Basin, the top Soviet coal-producing area that was rocked last summer by strikes as miners demanded better living and working conditions an local autonomy.
Army officials said there is talk of cutting off further purchases of Bell Helicopter's OH-58 helicopter.
American General Corp. stunned suitor Torchmark Corp. by putting itself up for sale, and analysts said a foreign buyer is more likely to come up with the $7 billion needed to buy the nation's fourth-largest insurer.
Since the Centre for Dispute Resolution (CEDR), an industry-backed, non-profit-making organisation, was set up in 1990 to promote the use of ADR in the UK, almost 250 disputes involving more than Pounds 800m have been referred to it.
Behind the passengers is a small rear shelf.
His controversial tactics are the focus of the new Warner Bros. film "Lean on Me."
"The idea is to give the greatest number of Bahrainis a real stake in the stability of this country."
The point is that if we use aircraft to bomb Serb artillery units on the hills around Sarajevo, we will be effectively declaring war on Serbia. Do we really want to do that?' he asked.
The other victims were taken by ambulance," Hondo said. None of the injuries was life-threatening, he said.
"I think their influence has deteriorated some," says Sen. J. James Exon, a conservative Nebraska Democrat with a long record of backing the NRA.
A couple were still held today under the Official Secrets Act at London's top-security Paddington Green police station.
NGA President Terry Branstad, governor of Iowa, agreed the list of national goals should be short so every school district and school can design their own specialized strategies.
Patnick was not in the house.
The USDA also predicted consumer food prices would be 3 percent to 5 percent higher because of the drought, but Dan Basse, crop analyst for GNP Commodities Inc. said those figures were too low.
Matsunaga said in a speech to business leaders that Japan's imports of manufactured goods already had increased 39 percent in 1988 and imports from the United States grew 34 percent.
Police said four people were injured when a passenger bus collided with a jeep during the eclipse.
Reservoirs are up to 94 percent of normal.
Pickens said the distribution policy will be reviewed quarterly. The cut does not affect preference unitholders, who will continue to receive 37.5 cents for six additional quarters.
But other union officials, including McVey, say abortion "has nothing to do with 40 hours a week or 20 bucks an hour." "It splits our members and it doesn't address wages, hours or conditions of employment," McVey said.
Officials at the Savonlinna Opera Festival today declined to comment on his cause of death and said his family also was refusing comment on funeral arrangements.
An S&P spokesman said that the ratios "augur very well" for the bond market, and that there is good reason to believe the favorable ratios will continue.
The new one-year program _ volunteers normally serve for two years _ will help teachers in Ghana develop new courses, said Peace Corps Director Loret Miller Ruppe.
The dust jacket of Mort Rosenblum's book on French culture and the French, "Mission to Civilize" (Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, 470 pages, $19.95), displays a superb drawing by the cartoonist Sempe.
As a result, violence was somewhat less common in the late 1980s than in 1980 or 1970.
Smith of New Hampshire and Craig of Idaho on the defensive in Senate races.
GM's latest incentives take the company further away from its vow in late 1986 to move away from companywide low-interest finance programs that hurt the company's third-quarter earnings last year.
ARC closed at $2.625, unchanged, in American Stock Exchange composite trading.
These would be priced at one-tenth the level of the S&P 500 index.
He said the party platforms take on even more importance this year, the first presidential election in two decades without an incumbent in the race.
Curtis Management is also a defendant in the case.
Of the political workers, three supported President Junius R. Jayewardene's United National Party and six the Sri Lanka Freedom Party, the officials said.
It matters little that the figure was badly distorted, or that the underlying news on inflation and wages is good, or even that the D-mark has been more stable in exchange markets recently.
Graffito at a Lower East Side park entrance reads "Go Home Yuppie Scum."
Moscow says it has no more than 50,000 tons of chemical armaments but some analysts have said the Soviets have more than 300,000 tons.
Analysts said Digital's results were also affected by a product cycle transition, in which new products were introduced during the quarter but weren't widely available to customers, depressing sales of existing products.
The study by the GAO, which is the investigative arm of Congress, concludes the trend that has seen major airlines dominating flights at airports where they set up hub operations has decreased competition.
One operates a dredger to clear away sand as others search for artifacts.
Often they attract so much new money that they hopelessly dilute whatever skills they originally had.
Three longer, more demanding works, literally extraordinary are worth getting to know in these high-definition performances. Satie called his Socrate a 'symphonic drama' but the description would hardly have occurred to anyone else.
Kosovo Polje, or the field of blackbirds, was the site of a bloody battle in 1389 that pitted the Orthodox Serb Empire and its Christian allies against Ottoman Turks.
But its new Cutlass Supreme is just coming out, so it's too early to tell how that model will fare and how it will affect the division.
A federal judge on Tuesday stopped Eastern Airlines from firing 4,000 employees but allowed the financially strapped carrier to go ahead with cutting back service to 14 cities on Wednesday as planned.
Most big banks said they would waste no time entering the new lines.
The state has more than 200,000 employees.
Marie, supervisor Jim Blain at the International Bridge said he received conflicting reports about the work stoppage.
Losses from continuing operations narrowed to $4.2 million from $112.8 million a year earlier.
For securities fraud, such as insider trading, the base for a first offender would be two to eight months.
MAY 8: Mr. Buntrock buys 100 shares of ChemLawn for his personal account "to receive shareholder reports."
"It's an iniquitous practice," he asserts.
The Alabama State Teachers' Retirement Fund agreed in principle to lend US$15 million to the project, Abitibi-Price said.
Sales of foreign chips in Japan are still increasing but total sales, including Japanese chips, have grown even faster.
His latest favorite: peacocks.
In a report to the government, the Korea Foreign Trade Association said the recent sharp rise of the won against the dollar could lead to a series of collapses among exporting firms.
Federal prosecutor Kurt Rebmann said they marked "an important penetration of the KGB spy network" in West Germany.
The industry used 57.8% of its capability last week, compared with 58.4% the previous week and 71.5% a year earlier.
Kasparov won the first game when the computer retired after Kasparov's 52nd move.
One poll put the Liberals ahead of the PQ for the first time in more than a year.
The same banks had outstanding loans of less than Dollars 300m lent to customers inside Russia. By this June, all Russian banks held about Dollars 15.5bn abroad, according to central bank figures.
The foreign share of sales increased from 14 percent last year to 21 percent currently.
He said the third assailant escaped and police recovered a rifle, flares and bundles of fireworks from the gunmen's vehicle.
The defense rested its case Thursday at the obscenity trial involving Robert Mapplethorpe's photos, and closing arguments in the case were expected Friday.
Everybody is piling on the bandwagon."
One reason Ameritrust is now ready to talk is that it can command a higher price, as the bank, which had a loss of $96.4 million last year, has seen earnings improve.
In an editorial and letter from the reporter, Vittorio Zucconi, La Repubblica charged Friday that Pravda tried to use the article for political rather than journalistic ends.
About 100 urban areas failed to meet federal ozone or carbon monoxide standards by the end of last year, the latest deadline set by the Congress.
Shelby M. Gregory, 38, now living in Hollywood, said he filed the U.S. District Court suit because Murphy and the two writers allegedly used his ideas without compensation.
Paul Pfeiffer, the character based on Paul Arnold, is portrayed by Josh Saviano.
Major oil companies controlled the bulk of the world's petroleum from well-head to service-station pump until OPEC governments nationalized their oil in the 1970s.
The department said the index fell 0.6 percent in January but it revised the December figure from a 0.2 percent drop to a 0.3 percent increase.
The bill would go further in liberalizing telecommunications exports to the Soviet Union than the administration has been willing to go.
But I don't think we need these other systems.
Then the show would be bartered to non-network stations across the country in return for part of the commercial time on each of five 4:30 p.m. shows a week, time that HRI could sell for perhaps $10.3 million a year.
She talked Bartkowiak into letting her go alone into the studio, where she turned off the on-the-air light but switched on her microphone.
Philip Morris stock fell 5 to 95, apparently because investors felt the acquisition would dilute the earnings of the cigarette and food giant.
Ms. Koontz was named the first black president of the National Education Association in 1968.
Congressional sources confirm speculation by practitioners that the Campeau maneuver prompted the legislation.
But just like the real world, you take two steps forward and take one step back.
The Air Force previously has said only that it intends to deploy 132 Stealth bombers in the 1990s at a cost of $36.6 billion, in terms of 1981 dollars.
Milhem expressed skepticism about both major parties, but said: "With Shamir, there may be more chances for peaceful settlement than (with) Peres.
On the short end, the two-year note was down 1/32 at 100 5/32 , to yield 4.149 per cent. With traders widely anticipating a very positive reading, the release of November price data was somewhat of a letdown.
"Why couldn't Mickey Mouse be part of a new reading textbook?" she asks.
The Palestinian territory referred to in the declaration presumably meant the West Bank and Gaza, captured by Israel in 1967 Middle East war.
One of the debates between the two characters is about the hereafter, with Le Roux denying all but the here and now and Zoeloe all but the hereafter.
That flow could be checked, but it is unlikely to be reversed in the long term.
Most of the troops that moved into city outskirts Friday night had withdrawn to points further away from the city, and residents had removed many of the barricades they had set up to block a troop advance into the city.
The judge, however, said he had decided to "turn all of them down and to start from scratch." Bidding in the December auction will begin at $50 million to $60 million, Benton said, adding he expected one or two more bidders to appear.
Sharing the same floor of the run-down office building is Lou Gondolph, a shyster who hawks accidental-injury lawsuits in Spanish-language TV commercials.
Other funds were more forthright.
A week ago, the jackpot was at $30 million.
In composite trading, TW Services shares closed unchanged at $25.
That's just a sample.
This will bring the total no-smoking flights operated by the airline to 70%.
Even the moderate Mr. McCurdy is talking about a more adversarial relationship with the Executive, suggesting he intends to swear in every witness.
In 1987's first nine months, the deficit stood at 6.3 billion francs, up from 5.8 billion francs a year earlier.
The order seeks to keep BCCI and CCAH separate, while the Fed sorts out their relationship.
At Houminer's hardware store in Jerusalem, manager Avraham Yosha reported a 40 percent increase in the sale of insulating tape, emergency lights, cans for water, as well as portable toilets and wash basins for shelters and sealed rooms.
Nor has it turned out to be a panacea with a magical promise of higher revenues.
TransCanada PipeLines tried to renew its takeover bid for Dome Petroleum by courting Dome's creditors, who could derail Amoco's $5.1 billion (Canadian) accord to acquire Dome.
Mary Farrell of Perception Technology, the Canton, Mass., firm that developed the system, says it handles about 80% of the bank's phone inquiries.
All the employees were very shocked at what happened," said Alice Huff, a secretary at Terrell Battery Corp., where Mrs. Goran worked as a bookkeeper.
Among the defects were separations in the bonded adhesive insulation that helps hold the joints together, and channels that would allow the fiery gas to reach the joint's middle O-ring, one of three designed to contain heat from the burning fuel.
They don't have to give credit to the mujahideen and the United States," says Mr. Haq.
About 12,000 of Mugabe's troops are in Mozambique guarding trade routes and an oil pipeline vital to landlocked Zimbabwe's economy. The military chief did not say how many troops might be moved.
Bristol-Myers blamed bureaucratic sluggishness at the FDA for the delay.
"OK you guys, spread out," aerobics instructor Jan Voellinger said as the jury stood and stretched the length of one wall in the small courtroom.
You know what I think?
State and company-paid unemployment benefits will begin running out next month.
Recently, Ms. Davidow termed charges of weak content unfair but conceded "the design is equally as important as the content.
Dee Nealy, 30, who came from Boston with her family to set up a Church of Christ ministry in the black township of Soweto, feels differently.
And should the Iran-Iraq War end, petroleum prices will fall.
Clashes break out in other areas.
Glenn Loury started college at age 16, but dropped out, went to work as a clerk in a factory and started a family.
LOWER REVENUE found at firms owned by minorities and women.
And he'll then consult with the NATO foreign ministers.
I do something that hurts you."
Attorney Robert Fettweis, who prosecutors said has represented Jouris, did not return a message left at his office.
Others say it is a lull, predicting that China will be able to tap investors again for capital. 'We believe the dragon bond market is about to balloon.
Walter H. Monteith Jr., 61, will continue as chairman and chief executive of the parent and unit.
Snow fell across the West and the Midwest today after two people died in an Oregon storm that triggered road-closing mudslides and floods.
She and other foreigners decided to take their chances in the desert rather than risk becoming hostages in Baghdad.
But computer users have been more interested in a product's performance. "It appears IBM has been getting that message, and this is clear evidence they are focusing more on performance than price," Cohen said.
The rating concern said ITT's sale of its telecommunications business improves its financial profile.
Ford withheld dealer deliveries of many of the cars late last year and early this year so it could replace a cast-iron crankshaft with a forged one.
"A certain number of criminals there, some thugs, were the instigators of the unrest, and the settlement was reached in accordance with the current legislation in China.
Walesa has fueled the debate with his interest in the presidency and his criticism, recently more strident, of the government of Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki, a former Solidarity leader himself.
He was handcuffed for 30 seconds and held for under five minutes until agents were told that Scala was a resident of the building, the attorney said.
Late in New York, the dollar was quoted at 1.4545 marks, up from 1.4475 marks late Monday in New York.
The Dallas Times Herald reported in today's editions that the orders would be placed with Saab-Scania.
Kysor Industrial Corp. said it acquired Charles Needham Industries Inc. of Fort Worth, Texas.
Mr. Malek attended Harvard Business School with Ms. Franklin and later recruited her to work in the Nixon White House, where she directed a program to bring women into high-ranking government jobs.
He noted that whenever gold futures move above $350 an ounce, profit-taking generally sets in.
The government acted following the disclosure that Toshiba Machine Co., a unit of Toshiba Corp., sold sophisticated milling machines to the Soviet Union in violation of rules governing exports to communist countries.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak telephoned Shamir from New York during a meeting in New York with Foreign Minister Moshe Arens on Friday and Mubarak and Shamir agreed to continue their dialogue, Israel radio reported Saturday.
None is expected to be a shocker, though the leading indicators index could cause a populist stir Friday if it drops for the second month in a row.
"It was bedlam on the upside," said one Big Board specialist.
According to an informal survey by Joel Shapiro, a partner at the New York accounting firm of Seidman & Seidman, partnership syndicators have actually found less than $2 billion of suitable properties.
Britain and France wanted such a statement to make clear that the alliance wasn't suggesting that nuclear weapons could be discarded.
And the Carter presidency was at or near an all-time low in popularity as the hostage crisis worsened.
State employees are required to report and itemize travel and meal expenses.
A paler shade of Chablis.
If Congress approved a budget with only modest increases from 1988, the agency would have a $171 million shortfall next year that would trigger a more serious round of station closings, Yost said.
He said Kodak doesn't have "an overlying management team" for its photofinishing operations and hasn't yet "fully merged together" recent acquisitions, such as American Photo Group Corp. and Ektra Photofinishing Corp., formerly Fox Photo.
President Corazon Aquino's spokesman, Teodoro Benigno, said the six-province Bicol region of southeastern Luzon was without electricity today.
It said the average jet fuel price rose to 73.7 cents a gallon from 54.3 cents a gallon during the first quarter of 1989.
One alternative in civil cases is the use of "summary jury trials" in which a six-member jury returns a non-binding, advisory verdict to help each side evaluate its case and encourage a settlement, White said.
"The financial carnage taking place now is beyond what the consumer can understand," Clements said Friday.
"That's compared to 45 percent last year and a normal of 50 percent, so it's proceeding about on average," he said.
Net income in the fourth quarter fell sharply, partly because of the $51 million charge to reserve for losses in an insurance operation that was closed in 1985.
Or at least that's one way of looking at historical reality.
Betting that the U.S. Treasury markets would recover from Wednesday's selling spree, Citicorp and British Telecom Financial BV offered large Eurodollar straight-debt issues.
It will probably take a shock, in terms of large, avoidable currency losses, to trigger UK pension fund trustees into action.
The North Koreans, who have communicated only intermittently and usually indirectly with their creditors, couldn't be reached for comment.
But he assured me that I was mistaken.
Cancer continues to sink its claws deeper into mankind.
The general oversees the nation's force of nuclear bombers, intercontinental ballistic missiles, tankers and reconnaissance aircraft at SAC in Omaha, Neb.
"Even though the increase was larger than any monthly rise we have seen in more than a year and a half, the index remains just about where it stood a year ago," he said.
On the American Stock Exchange, three newly formed New York-based funds started trading.
The government's first look at how the overall economy is performing will be issued on Wednesday and, despite all the pessimism, the number is expected to be very good, on paper at least.
Debra Winger and Nick Nolte will star in a mystery movie written by playwright Arthur Miller, the movie's producers announced.
"We bought investment-grade securities in the spring, and by the fall they were trading as junk bonds," said Edward N. Bennett, the Hartford's chief investment officer.
Our slogan: We ask the world for help, with men, dignity, and strength.
The first interim dividend is raised 7.7 per cent to 1.4p (1.3p).
An estimated 18,100 Americans will die from it this year, making the disease the fifth-greatest cause of cancer deaths.
His statement appeared to be a hint against extradition.
Vietnam invaded Cambodia in 1978, ending a four-year reign of terror by a Khmer Rouge government that tried to force a radical agrarian commune on the population, killing hundreds of thousands of people.
And he has trouble with basic office etiquette, such as tucking in his shirt or coming to meetings on time.
His National Front favors the expulsion of Moslem immigrants from North Africa.
The EPA said the chemicals probably cause human cancer at a rate of as much as one case in 10,000 persons exposed for a lifetime.
The summit census nearly doubles what was the record 38 world leaders who met at the United Nations on its 40th anniversary in 1985.
For a number of reasons, including my certainty that no one in Washington wants to participate in the murder of economic stability, I think such a deal will be cut.
The company said it estimates the cost of completing the 500-room hotel and 50,000-square-foot casino at about $200 million.
Mr. Bush has built his lead through his success at painting Mr. Dukakis as out-of-step with mainstream America, and through rising voter satisfaction with Mr. Reagan and with staying on the path of his policies.
Dukakis did only slightly better on Tuesday than rivals Albert Gore Jr. and Jesse Jackson.
He served on the university faculty 12 years.
George Weeden, chief of the town's 10-member police force, said Monday he has no new leads.
Kigali, the capital, is first.
The lira dropped on Friday to 760.25 per D-Mark, which took it to within five lire of its floor against the German currency on the European Monetary System grid.
Five years ago: Artificial heart recipient Barney Clark was eulogized in Federal Way, Wash., as a "selfless pioneer."
A round-trip purchase is required, and tickets are nonrefundable.
The company declined several times in recent weeks to confirm the rumored incident.
Wednesday $9.5 billion in seven-year notes.
We are hopeful that the remaining issues between the state of Colorado, the U.S. Army and Shell can be resolved, thereby allowing the arsenal cleanup to proceed expeditiously," Ms. McHam said.
Two weeks ago Moscow quietly announced that it considered the transfer agreement null and void. Ukraine has responded by saying that Russia misled Ukraine during the signing of documents by setting down a text that was not what Ukraine had negotiated.
"There's no perfect airplane," Carnell said. "A company will have one plane, maybe a Beech King Air.
Norway has rejected a compromise agreement negotiated with Israel to end a dispute over Israel's possible misuse of Norwegian heavy water.
Members of the science club were supposed to collect the completed forms and punch the data into a computer, Birr said.
Even so, the administration has been reluctant to move against the countries, partly out of concern that critics would call such actions protectionist.
"One of the American hostages will be released within one hour from now.
They were businessmen and women who had signed on to staff the bureaus and agencies of the new Reagan administration.
A government decree said the goods would be offered through a network of shops, street markets and other authorised public vending points. 'People will be able to sell absolutely everything,' a commentator on state-run Radio Rebelde said.
Sjostrom said the department still expected to announce a specific restart schedule for the K reactor sometime this month.
Whether in classroom discourse or in the general intellectual life of the university community, there has been a tendency to exclude or silence uncongenial views.
With costs averaging $3,000 before burial fees, a funeral may be the third most expensive consumer purchase after a home and a car, according to the FTC.
Several foreign car makers are raising prices on their 1988 U.S. models, reflecting more-powerful engines or more luxury options.
Other areas of the West were cloudy or had fog.
The agreement would benefit East Germany's backward economy by bringing it into a trade bloc of 320 million people. West Germany is already an influential EC member.
This is part and parcel of the move to turn the hospital into a trust.
Getting the American public to focus on global problems at all is increasingly difficult, and economic concerns now tend to loom larger than military ones.
Senior Hutton officials say that Mr. Fomon insisted that Hutton hire some of his lady friends, and Mr. Fomon concedes that he hired five or six young women at Hutton.
There is no role this community can play in securing Anderson's release, except to hope and to continue praying for his safety in captivity and his eventual release.
But the U.S. currency apparently faces higher hurdles.
The board said the Delta plane, which was flying from London to Cincinnati, corrected its flight path on instructions from air traffic controllers at Gander.
Monday's flight carried 156 people, including four Canadians. Fitzwater refused to say how many Americans remained in Iraq and Kuwait.
Mr. Lange said if more than 25% the airline is sold, the public and Air New Zealand's staff also should be given the opportunity to buy shares.
Intel plans to offer a 3.3-volt 386SL in the year's first half and a 3.3-volt chip that will probably be named the 486SL, in the second half, Mr. Grove said.
U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker said Monday that the Third World debt must be treated as a economic rather than a political problem and that each country's case should be handled individually.
Pelletreau opened a dialogue with the PLO leadership after the United States dropped its opposition to dealing with the PLO when the organization renounced terrorism and recognized the state of Israel in a statement last November.
He estimates that a 4% decline in gross national product would cause an 8% drop in passenger traffic.
Vietnam is one of a handful of countries with which the United States does not maintain diplomatic relations.
Moody's also said that the Los Angeles-based energy and agricultural products concern's interest charges will remain high and that asset sales "most likely will continue to be a major source of funds for debt reduction."
Fighting after dawn was still continuing in Old Panama, just east of the Marriott, and in San Miguelito, a poor district hill district northeast of the city center where some of the strongest Dignity Battalions are based.
There are some powerful incentives for governments to take action.
"Since central bankers are always buyers of last resort, they typically come into the market only after the currency has plunged and interest rates have adjusted upward significantly," he says.
Equally important were the conditions attached to aid.
The previous law required reporting only in cases of sexual molestation.
A rumor that Japan's central bank was poised to boost a key interest rate continued to bolster the yen, said Yoichi Sakaguchi, chief currency trader at Sanwa Bank.
For the exchange rate is a link between the national price level and that of the rest of the world.
The bonds are expected to have a term of between seven and 10 years to take advantage of interest in these maturities.
At the time, Keating was an Arizona businessman and owner of the Irvine, Calif.,-based Lincoln Savings and Loan, whose 1989 collapse and federal seizure is expected to cost taxpayers $2 billion.
But about half of those leaving are younger, and will take early retirement following discussions with the firm's management board.
But Polaris believes the market value of the planes exceeds the $5.9 million loan balance.
The defecting boxers complain that Thomas Hearns claims too much of Mr. Steward's attention.
Adding his voice to the fur debate raised this week between those opting for fake furs and those who won't settle for anything but the real thing, Ferre not only interspersed fake and real skins, but dyed real fox to look like fake leopard and zebra.
While George Bush was in charge, not once did Mr. Bush demand economic sanctions _ under a law he said he wanted _ against countries that won't cooperate in the war on drugs.
An official said about 50 bodies were sighted in the upper decks of the 7,951-ton vessel that capsized March 6 on a trip to England; of 543 people aboard, 348 survived and 61 bodies were recovered initially.
Bank stocks were sold, a sign that investors don't expect interest rates to drop much further.
Also contributing to the copper sell-off was the feeling the market may have been overbought, along with the latest 10-day report of automobile sales, which showed a sharp decline.
Vogel is East Germany's most prominent lawyer.
Within two years, shoppers should be seeing U.S. government-certified organic chickens, tomatoes and bell peppers in the stores.
Traders said the central banks are determined to maintain stability immediately before the U.S. presidential election less than a week away.
Whereas what is actually on offer is a rather shoddily-written cuttings' job.
Mr. Leutwiler described yesterday's announcement as a "signal to European industry" of what it must do to counter Japanese and American competition.
Merrill's total revenue jumped 18% to a record $3.15 billion from $2.66 billion.
Americans had nearly $693 billion in consumer credit outstanding at the end of the period.
"However, the ultimate success of these reforms will depend on management's commitment to correcting these weaknesses," it said.
"There was nothing to make him crash.
The 85%, they say, applies only for state-regulated prices for essential items.
The cub was placed in an incubator, fed a special formula through a tube into its stomach and given antibiotics to fight the infection, officials said.
No decision is expected to be made on Mr. Gates's nomination until after a White House commission makes its report on the Iran-Contra affair late this month.
Poland's general prosecutor, Aleksander Herzog, named the two men arrested in Popieluszko's death as former Deputy Interior Minister Wladyslaw Ciaston and Zenon Platek, former head of the ministry department that had monitored the Roman Catholic church.
The bank has financed the company's Arizona home-building operations and provided debtor-in-possession financing to the company during the bankruptcy proceedings.
A few years ago, when Mr. Khashoggi's DC-8 aircraft was seized by creditors, Mr. Adham reportedly stepped in to pay the $2.5 million bill.
In addition to imposing surcharges, designed to strip the companies of artificially inflated revenues, the commission can also press criminal charges, which could add extra fines.
Strong investor demand for California GOs kept prices from eroding despite negative news about the postponement of the GO sale and the state's sizable budget deficit, traders said.
Most authorities agree that such testing is the only way that the growth of Olympic performance-enhancing drugs can be controlled.
It isn't unusual for a long-term bond downgraded one notch (to A from AA, for example) to drop $10 to $20 in value for each $1,000 face amount.
The Supreme Court today agreed to study the case of a former Dallas high school football coach who says he lost his job because he is white.
Gold bullion prices were up by around $1 a troy ounce but traders said the market lacked sparkle and Middle East customers stayed away after buying earlier in the week.
Only one, agriculture-fishery-forestry, showed a drop, they said.
That statement was accompanied by a polaroid photograph of Cordes to prove its authenticity.
Mr Kopper said customers expected a range of services from investment bankers.
It has become "the dominant characteristic" in case loads of child protective-service agencies in 22 states and the District of Columbia.
The company is engaged in exploration and production of oil & natural gas in the U.S. and Canada.
After AmBase put Home Insurance on the block in February, it suspended payment of its quarterly common stock dividend, but said that it expected to pay a special dividend to shareholders when it closed on the sale.
But the agency wants to preserve the jobs in the plants, and hardly any buyers would make such a commitment.
"When I see the flies flying into the cage, I feel a sense of happiness," it quoted Hu as saying.
They used to run their businesses like little kingdoms, each one looking after his own interests.
In the next few days, I'll be making some very specific proposals." He did not say what the proposals would be, and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater declined to elaborate.
William Brodsky, president of the Chicago Merc, says, "The June expiration may not mark an end to the changes.
And they had to put it on automatic thank-you tape," White House Press secretary Marlin Fitzwater said.
The decision not to launch came about 15 minutes before the scheduled liftoff around 10 p.m. EST, said Sgt. Ivey Paige.
Analysts say Vrdolyak is a long-shot for the GOP nomination, and that odds are even worse for a Republican winner in April.
Kevin Fay, executive director of the Alliance for Responsible Chlorofluorocarbon Policy, which represents producers of the chemicals, said the findings buttress his group's support for the protocol.
Browning-Ferris Industries parted ways with other pollution control stocks, gaining 1 3/4 to 23 1/2 while others in the group fell.
The judgment doesn't affect the running of the government."
Mr. Theobald, who while at Citicorp oversaw a competing bid for First Options, was slow to cut Continental's losses in this case.
Lucky officials at the company's Dublin, Calif., headquarters referred calls to New York spokeswoman Lissa Perlman.
The former neighbor told Mrs. Martinet that the cat disappeared in October 1986.
'Michael admits the coal business has been the most frustrating and intractable problem he has ever faced.
"I once saw a camel bite a man's arm and tear it off," says Lt.
A halt to imports of sedans, plus a requirement that top officials use only Chinese-made cars.
Shepherd and Keating will begin serving shortly on an acting basis until after their nomination by President Reagan and Senate confirmation.
The former queen, who walked with a cane, wore a black pants suit, black cap, black gloves and a bright red scarf.
Exor will then have to decide whether to fend off Nestle with a fully fledged counter-bid.
Green Tree offered three million of its common shares at 36 Thursday. The proceeds will be used to buy back its preferred shares held by the Resolution Trust Corp.
The 49-year-old defendant was held in prison for 14 months until his trial began Monday in Mannheim District Court.
The average business customer is in the $5 million annual sales area.
"But after 1988, he concentrated on building up his own power," she was quoted as saying.
Other arrests in San Antonio were possible, officials said.
The combination of these elements left operating profit before income taxes and provisions at 3.66 billion francs, down from 4.48 billion francs a year earlier.
About 1,200 striking bus drivers and several thousand of their supporters marched to city hall Friday to press their demands for a 35 percent pay raise.
In northwest Kansas, a twister ripped roofs off farm buildings, downed power and telephone lines, and turned a truck over onto a car near Cedar Bluffs in Decatur County, authorities said.
The recent row over alleged overpricing and bully-boy tactics by banks in the small business market, and constant rumbles of discontent over their treatment of the private customer have not endeared them to the fair trading authorities.
WITH attractions that range from the sandy beaches of Lake Tanganyika to the Luangwa game parks, the Victoria Falls, Lake Kariba and the magnificent Zambezi River, tourism in Zambia should be booming. In fact, the potential has barely been tapped.
"What we have to do is have the dollar come down as a consequence of a reduction in our budget deficit, which would cause lower interest rates in the United States, and it would be that mechanism that would bring down the dollar," he said.
Brian Larcombe, finance director of 3i, has been elected chairman of the British Venture Capital Association, replacing Ron Hollidge, managing director of Lloyds Development Capital.
"It looks to me like less than 1 percent, and we have to decide whether it's worth the energy it takes," he said.
Local HUD officials agreed to insure a $41 million mortgage for an apartment building on the fashionable East Side of Manhattan even though it was already under construction, New York Newsday reported.
Malaysia Airlines earlier ordered two 747-400 Combis, which can carry a half-load of cargo on the main deck behind the passengers. The new airplanes are to be used on routes between Malaysia and Europe, Australia and the United States.
Kravchenko's successor as head of Tass has not been named.
George Gould, Treasury undersecretary for finance, told the House Banking Committee that lack of political support forced abandonment of efforts for the insurance and real estate powers.
The stock basket is the Big Board's answer to a number of post-crash studies that called for a link between the stock-index futures and the stock market.
Nicholas Mavroules, D-Mass., and Larry Hopkins, R-Ky., ranking members of the House Armed Services subcommittee on investigations.
As it happens, basic research in the U.S. is enjoying something of a renaissance.
And even though aluminum prices haven't jumped yet, Mr. Schumann's staff is starting to buy long-term aluminum contracts to ensure that it can make a profit on the promised sticker price of armaments.
At the Brazilian accident, doctors decided to try GM-CSF.
In the US, its largest market, the company expects sales to remain flat for the year at Dollars 4.3bn. Suddenly, the world seems to be ganging up on video game makers.
Only the moment they start falling, can we begin making real changes," he said.
Hughes said it supplied the Dutch company with "less than a thousand" of the infrared detectors for use by the Dutch military and wasn't aware of any diversions to Iraq.
Mitchell acknowledges that some wives are a bit dazed by the developments, telling him: "I was not ready for this." Frequently, he invites them to join the family support group as volunteers, so they feel like they are part of the effort.
Piqua employees allegedly have been told not to reject devices even if they fail leak tests.
At a meeting with students Wednesday at Warsaw University, Walesa said he would defend NZS. "No table can stand on less than three legs.
The car Dinkins was riding in to a campaign appearance was hit broadside Sunday afternoon in Manhattan, police said.
Ms. Turner, 24, is a fourth-year student at MU's College of Veterinary Medicine.
Earnings fell by 17 per cent to 83.5p. Profits were hit by an Pounds 8.4m charge for withdrawing from the loss-making pipe maintenance company, Amtec, which had been announced at the interim stage.
The DEA then began monitoring telephone calls between the informant and Bunnell, authorities said.
The stock market pulled back in early trading today, retracing some of Friday's sharp gains ahead of the March consumer price data.
It said two Lebanese were in investigative custody, accused of falsifying documents, complicity in fraud and violating Swiss narcotics laws.
"Without cooperation from him, what are you going to appeal?" Pecorino said.
The friendly $107 a share offer for all of Aussedat Rey's stock officially was submitted Monday for approval by French government and stock market authorities, said International Paper, the world's largest paper maker.
And if I couldn't vote I'd have been an activist probably more extreme than some who came here." And Selma today?
By day, this is a quiet little town overlooking the rocky Guadalupe River.
Radio carried interviews from numerous factories, hospitals and enterprises with officials also expressing their solidarity.
Its pre-tax profits are likely to rise by about 30 per cent to around Pounds 18m. Daily Mail and General Trust should unveil on Wednesday a modest increase in full year profits to around Pounds 50m from Pounds 47.7m.
'This looks like the pay-off of a man who was asked to leave.
Capital flight, according to recent reports, has already ceased.
Bailey is now 39. He is so ill he can't work, has lost all feeling in one arm, and his brother and sister also have strange allergies and ailments the doctors can't seem to correct.
Rostenkowski was one of the chief authors of the 1986 tax overhaul, which reduced tax rates significantly and cut or eliminated several deductions, exclusions and credits.
"There is physical evidence linking all of the murders," said police Capt.
The explosion merely singed the carpet, nicked a desk, blew a few holes in the ceiling and loosened marble counter panels.
Regarding its U.S. discount, MacMillan Bloedel said it is eliminating a 3% "temporary competitive allowance," effective Jan. 1, but will maintain a 5% discount for customers who purchase their entire annual contract volume.
Along with finding the money, Congress must also look at some sort of "never again" reforms guaranteeing that the government will not be asked again to bail out the S&L industry.
In the first case, a different judge awarded about $1.3 million to a San Jose man who lost his wife and son in the crash.
The novelist invents a certain Lucy Moncrieffe, niece of the British foreign secretary of the time, Lord Aberdeen, but no harm is done and she makes a surprisingly uninhibited Victorian heroine.
Since that time, cable rates have risen sharply amid complaints of poor service.
Col. Jose Chavez Caceres, commander of the 5th Army Brigade and the Jiboa battalion, has been removed from his post but is not directly implicated in the massacre, military sources said.
Homicide rates for the Netherlands and Switzerland rose 20 percent and 13 percent respectively in 1989, according to police figures.
The bottom line on net job growth is (that) we're doing very well."
Unisys also increased by 50% the memory on its A12 mainframe.
All were volunteers, he said.
Mr. Dorsey's attorney, Daniel Bookin, declined to comment. Mr. Foulds's lawyer, Jan Lawrence Handzlik, said: "The arbitrator is simply wrong.
Mr. Gasich declined to comment; the middleman couldn't be located.
The New York Stock Exchange has asked its legal advisory committee to draft a proposed definition of insider-trading.
Investigators have been unable to find anyone to corroborate Downey's story, he said.
Teledyne hid its true cost estimates in green folders and submitted grossly inflated estimates to the government in white folders, according to the suit, which was unsealed Wednesday in federal court.
Analysts said they don't expect a similar impact this time around.
The overall increase in students came as the state reduced its contribution to CUNY's four-year colleges by $29 million, to more than $800 million, and the city cut its contribution to community colleges by $13 million, to $160 million.
Players roll the dice to determine rewards - the chance to study at a university, or even become party general secretary - or punishment, such as detention by police.
Lotus Development announced a cost-cutting program that includes a hiring freeze and layoffs.
A dealer in Rome speculated that Vice President George Bush's triumph in the Super Tuesday primaries may also have calmed markets, because he is perceived here as an anti-protectionist.
An economic program presented by Ryzhkov in May caused panic buying that made empty store shelves even barer.
In Sydney, News closed at 8.48 Australian dollars (US$6.40), up 22 cents.
Zita had lived at Johannes-Stift the past three decades.
Polls and focus groups alike illustrate the electorate's ambivalence about some of the most fundamental issues facing the country.
Shops were closed and school children stayed away from classes.
Without an increased debt ceiling, the Federal Reserve Board would order banks, starting Thursday, not to honor any checks issued by the U.S. Treasury.
Bush will fish for bass in a 55-acre lake on the property of Ray Scott, president of Bass Anglers Sportsmen's Society.
The climax is built with infinite control, over a broader, steadier span, but there seems no loss of coruscating vitality in the fingerwork. Precious pianist, precious experience.
"It was getting scary," Howard Schwamenfeld recalls.
There are strong fears in Asia of a lessening US commitment because of domestic pressure for defence cuts.
Through inept handling, they made the situation worse.
Rep. Sam Gibbons, D-Fla., chairman of the Ways and Means trade subcommittee, said nothing in the measure would alter present sugar quotas from countries outside the Caribbean.
The preliminary agreement was reached by U.S. and Soviet negotiators at a second round of the London talks.
Otherwise he is being fed intravenously, which gives him 600-700 calories a day, said the senior palace official, who refused to be identified.
A study of monologues by Johnny Carson and David Letterman found that the score during the general campaign was virtually a tie: 51 jokes about Republican Bush to 50 about his Democratic opponent, Michael Dukakis.
The man turned out to be Michael Wolff, who was already the director of research and subsequently political adviser to Edward Heath. Wolff, like Randolph, died early.
They formed RLI to take Redken private, and offered $34.90 a share.
"This will help small town America become more competitive in today's global economy," said Coleman.
In Havana, President Fidel Castro pledged "socialism or death" in a televised speech marking the 30th anniversary of his communist revolution.
Unions allege that mine wages for unskilled or semi-skilled workers are lower than in the manufacturing sector, the reverse of international patterns.
While at PTL, the Bakkers' show was broadcast by about 180 television stations.
He also said acquisition candidates in publishing and information services were abandoned because the prices were too high.
The CBI emphasises that schemes will need to be much more flexible in future.
Police say suspects told them the building was used for carrying out the killings.
It's not the first time the characters from "Gone With The Wind" have appeared outside of the printed page or silver screen, and most U.S. fans of the Old South epic probably will never see a bottle of "Gone With The Wind" wine.
I defined Troy Maxson in `Fences' (Jones played Maxson on Broadway) as a man who didn't distinguish his principles from his prejudices.
And I believe we owe him the opportunity to do just that," he said.
After he overthrew the civilian government of Prime Minister Sadek el-Mahdi last summer, el-Bashir promised to end the civil war through peace negotiations.
"I would love to have one every few minutes but that's out of the question," he confessed.
That followed a Sept. 25 announcement that Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corp. planned to send an undisclosed number of smokes to the troops.
In spite of massive investments by Fisons they failed to clear the drug and made further observations about Opticrom's manufacturing processes. Opticrom is now unlikely to be relicensed in time for the US rag-weed season which starts in August.
The Weekend FT has been plugging the 5th issue of index-linked National Savings for a long time now and it is hoped that readers have stocked up on the issue, which paid 4.5 per cent above inflation, tax-free.
Police say many of the killings were blamed on communist rebels, who have been fighting to overthrow the Philippine government since 1969 and have threatened to attack American military personnel.
For a year, Eastern filled vacant pilot jobs by giving preference to the new-hire list, rather than the returning striker list.
"However unwelcome high interest rates must be, they are preferable to the damage done by high inflation," Lawson said.
It gives them something to talk about when they get out." Assistant Police Chief Robert Vernon, who is supervising the sweeps, strongly disagreed.
Mr Ozawa and Mr Takemura may find it hard to agree. If, as is possible, coalition leaders fail to agree on a successor to Mr Hosokawa, they will be forced to call a general election.
Even though it had inherited Pan Am's route network and experienced personnel, United's flights were still late 70% of the time at first, and one out of 10 flights was canceled.
Mr. Biderman recommends a short sale of SGI International. Short sellers borrow stock and immediately sell it, anticipating that the price will fall.
"As a dancer and somebody who moves to music, the Pet Shop Boys' tracks are so interesting.
Other factors contributing to Caterpillar's profit decline include tight U.S. monetary policies and higher inflation, Stober said.
Part of the huge cohort that crowded the job market, many have climbed the career ladder more slowly, leaving ultimate work goals still unattained and thus, he believes, "postponing the time when you get bored and stop and look around."
On Monday, Root pleaded not guilty in North Carolina to 445 counts of securities fraud and related charges in connection with his handling of radio station licensing cases before the FCC.
The resumption depends on the weather and repairs to the ballpark.
He says: 'We lose some each year and gain some; we are about 10 down on last year.' He adds: 'There are 122,243 unique flight numbers each day.
Real estate experts have questioned whether the property is worth the $600 million that he owes on it.
As previouly reported, Boeing's action Monday was in response to Mesa's Hart-Scott-Rodino filing.
Gold rose in London to a late bid of $384.50 an ounce, up from $380.25 Monday.
Mr. Goldstein couldn't be reached for comment.
There is an awful lot of other drawing out there, of such different kinds.
(NA) "Family Double Dare," FOX, 1.8.
Atlantis has been crippled by leaking hydrogen since June.
The proposed change "is consistent with what a number of other large companies do," said a spokesman.
"They work here, they met here, they fell in love here.
"The student leaders maintained illicit relations with traitorous organizations overseas, and themselves were traitors and collaborators," it said.
Despite fewer players in the business, Smith Barney has seen its ranking slip this year.
Of course, some casino patrons make a distinction between gambling in Atlantic City and gambling on Wall Street.
But the approach is again under attack.
A major objective of the profit-sharing plan was the perpetuation of employee ownership, the appellate court said, adding that the law does not set an exclusive goal of maximizing benefits.
"Yeah, it's hot," said Fox.
Susan Dunne, a contemporary art specialist at Christie's auction house, said the prices fetched by female artists such as Joan Mitchell and Holzer are rising.
I am eager to give advice.
The labyrinthian case involves charges that defense firms, or their employees, hired private consultants who bribed Pentagon officials for information needed to win multimillion-dollar contracts.
Canadian mills operated at 89% of capacity in the first six months, compared with 95%.
But Levine, who is also the Met's artistic director, has defended the conservative choice on grounds that the company needs a solid production it can live with well into the next century, not one that will seem dated or ill-conceived within a few years.
As a Class C director, Mr. Hull represents non-banking interests on the Reserve Bank's board.
Like other Freeport residents, the Wentworths must drive eight miles north to Brunswick or five miles south to Yarmouth to shop in a supermarket.
So, gradually, the Federal Reserve is likely to be moving in the direction of ease.
But he adds: "If they (Fed officials) keep flip-flopping, then you would see this criticism."
"He wouldn't let you turn on the air conditioning in the summer," Corts said. "You just sat there and wiped your brow.
The government denied responsibility for the killings and said an investigation was under way.
He offered no specific targets in regard to layoffs.
Ricardo Teran, whose family operates a retail and telecommunications conglomerate in Nicaragua, said he will return to Nicaragua next week to assess prospects of relocating permanently.
There also lurks a rare but potentially lethal threat: the spokesman scandal.
Any foreigner convicted under the new law faces the same fine and jail time, plus deportation afterward.
A fire early Tuesday heavily damaged a 12th century church that had been partially destroyed by the Great Fire of 1666 and rebuilt by Christopher Wren.
A senior executive at BHF Bank, which enjoyed a 17 per cent increase in 10-month profits, spoke of a 'sword of Damocles'.
Toledo Edison Co. spokesman Jim Proctor said 19,000 customers lost electricity, but only 3,500 remained without power by Thursday night.
Mr. McDowell, who was Mr. Agee's close friend as well as his publisher, was instrumental in the creation of the trust for the benefit of Mr. Agee's children, and he was well aware of the need to conserve its limited assets.
Michael Dukakis was the choice of 68 percent of Jews surveyed, while Sen. Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee was favored by 10 percent.
Mrs. Evers said Wednesday that more important than a murder conviction is that her husband reaches his deserved place in history.
Total Resources (Canada) Ltd., a Calgary, Alberta, unit of the oil concern TOTAL CIE.
Among these is "Dirty Dancing," based on the hit movie of the same name.
However, recent figures from a parliamentary answer show that just 8 per cent of child benefit expenditure goes to high-earning families once income is adjusted for family size.
He said Pounds 50m would be withheld from colleges' budgets unless more 'flexible' contracts were introduced. But the largest union in the sector, the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education, refused to sign the deal yesterday.
Fifty percent of the respondents said they would be personally better off financially under a Bush administration, compared with 38 percent saying they would benefit under a Dukakis administration.
He said there was no deadline for formulating a response to the U.S. initiative.
An Amal official conceded that his movement's fighters had been driven out of four villages in a surprise pre-dawn Hezbollah assault.
Of the 3.9-point improvement in unemployment relative to the nation, 3.1 points of it occurred between January 1979 and January 1983, when Ed King, not Mr. Dukakis, was governor and the nation as a whole was mired in recession.
Opinion polls which increasingly show that a French 'no' vote is a real possibility increases the strain on weak ERM members; if the monetary union project finally unravels, the markets may lose faith altogether in current ERM parities.
They would go for food, housing, utilities, clothing and other necessities like that," said Grubb.
The watch, says Mr. Banerot, is perfect for police officers.
Neither company would elaborate on why the transaction fell through.
He said he heard shots fired but did not see any victims before escaping down a glacier.
The government on Wednesday ordered Canadian companies to ignore a U.S. bill that would prohibit them from trading with Cuba, External Affairs Minister Joe Clark said.
Diagnostek jumped 2 to 20 1/4 after signing a contract with the Teamsters union to provide prescription drugs to retired union members by mail.
The New York National Guard already has the second worst attendance records in the nation, but its budget has tripled since 1975 to $390 million, the newspaper said.
He praises Foley as a "remarkably fair" House speaker and says of Rep. Frank, "give the guy his day in court."
It does not exist in a counterproductive way.
The old structure of party and government was liquidated," Iliescu told a Bucharest crowd.
Exxon's prime contractor on cleaning up the nation's worst oil spill estimates the petroleum giant will end up spending $2 billion on the job, nearly twice as much as estimated in July.
Rising in sympathy was Standard Chartered, up 6 at 455; Barclays, up 2 at 387; National Westminster, up 7 at 292; and Royal Bank of Scotland, up 3 at 171.
Granados Pineda was quoted as saying the army helped city, state and federal police put down the riot.
The Time Warner loss in the latest quarter reflects a jump in interest expense to $451 million from $25 million for Time alone in 1988, as well as depreciation and amortization charges of $155 million compared with $55 million a year earlier.
But at the same time, close followers of the financial scene say, the market has taken on an increasingly powerful role, not just in reacting to economic trends and government policies, but also in helping to determine them.
He called the president "a Syrian lackey elected under the bayonets of Syrian occupation."
"This individual walked up and demanded the keys to the cage. He threatened the trainer.
Mr. Palmieri, who was also named chief executive officer of the company by regulators, said the plan will likely include a form of guarantee from the state insurance funds on Mutual Benefit's obligations to policyholders.
One is the University of Michigan's Center for Ergonomics.
Banks won't always save what they expect to, but they are bound to save something.
The talks, known as the Uruguay Round for the country where they began in 1986, face a marathon July 23 negotiating session in Geneva to draft framework agreements in 15 separate areas, including agriculture.
'At the moment the UK market is relatively speaking good value in terms of capital and income growth,' says manager Ian Massie.
When the measure came to the floor, the price tag was placed at $6.9 billion by the Agriculture Committee staff.
American Indians scored the best year-to-year gains of any ethnic group: a 4-point gain in verbal averages to 388, and a 9-point rise in math to 437.
But the drama of efforts to free three ice-trapped whales has turned the Eskimo village into a boom town.
Mr Yashiro explains: 'Contrary to the conventional view, Japanese services are historically of low quality. This is a producer society.
In a partisan primary delayed two weeks by Hurricane Hugo's devastation, Charlotte's ballot Tuesday drew only 14,920 voters, or 7.5 percent of those eligible to cast ballots, according to Elections Supervisor Bill Culp.
One thing that would prop up bank stocks would be "a lot of excess capacity coming out of the banking industry," Kraushaar said, or in other words, mergers between large institutions.
Several jurors were frowning as they entered the courtroom for Cummings' announcement.
"That semicircle relates to being very proud of his masculinity, the macho aspect, forcefulness, and being very sensitive to appearing weak in front of other people," she said.
The United States would provide aid to help buy Peru's coca leaf crop under a plan proposed Thursday by the Peruvian ambassador.
Despite the ban, French officials say their crackdown on other forms of dial-a-porn is limited by the same legal void that exists in the U.S. Nothing in French law restricts what two individuals can say over a telephone line.
The extraction of the gold could begin in five years, said the daily, adding that scientists calculated the deposit could yield 12 tons of the precious metal each year.
Bendjedid said the elections would only take place if conditions for "peace and security" are met.
In addition, the "quantum well" technology used to generate light pulses in the gallium arsenide chips is still esoteric.
The tribe says 400 of their number were killed.
In principle, Tokyo doesn't allow foreigners to work in Japan unless their jobs can't be done by Japanese.
Vietnam has said it will pull out its forces by 1990 regardless of a political settlement.
Last week, Mr. Bilzerian, who heads a group with a 9.99% stake in Singer, said he had commitments for as much as $895 million from Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. and a group of banks led by National Westminster Bank USA.
In Israel, an army spokesman said he knew nothing about the attack.
Under new regulations, illegally entering or leaving Romania is punishable by a 15- to 30-day jail sentence or a fine.
"On information and belief, defendant Smith told them that unless Raytheon silenced or removed Dr. Korb, he (Smith) would no longer meet with anyone from Raytheon's Washington office," the suit says.
"The people of Latin America will be more comfortable if the United States gets its troops home as soon as possible and helps Panama carry out an election," said one Latin diplomatic source in Washington.
West, a waiter at the McArthur Park Restaurant in San Francisco, was found wearing shorts and buried under 15 feet of rock and dirt, Martin said.
BCE Development has received financial backing for its restructuring plan from BCE Inc., which holds 67% of BCE Development, and Carena Developments Ltd., a real-estate developer controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman.
Corporate profits fell an estimated 12% to 15% in the fourth quarter, in part because of a weakness in prices.
The pair met at the ministry offices.
The government simply ran out of money and out of time.
First Boston has maintained contact with Allegheny but hasn't made any follow-up offer, he said.
The inflation rate is stable.
"(President-elect George) Bush is going to face a legacy of the Reagan administration in the enormous amount of debt at all levels of society," said professor Benjamin Friedman of Harvard University.
The shares were included in Goldman Sachs's secondary public offering of 4.8 million Georgia Gulf shares at $34.25 a share, Georgia-Pacific said.
They said the Courter campaign knew they objected and say their wishes should have been respected regardless of the willingness of their daughter-in-law to appear in the ad.
Gentex's customers are Detroit's auto makers, Goliaths that don't shy from squeezing suppliers hard and casting off the ones too weak to take it.
In fact, the feeling often is like a boxing match, with first one contender and then the other striking a blow for his or her life style or point of view while the crowd applauds.
Everybody concentrates on the military aspects and forgets that in his spare time he devised the whole of the civil code in France.
The hostages are nine Americans, three Britons, an Irishman, an Italian and a Belgian.
In January, the administration proposed cutting $3.2 billion from the $306 billion outlay.
The acquisition would make Grand Met one of the largest wine and spirit concerns in the world, and give the British conglomerate the product range and geographical spread necessary to compete in an increasingly global beverage market.
We have packed it in the back row beside the white spikes of the excellent Veronicastrum, as botanists have renamed Veronica virginica.
Hence its name. Magellan splits the screen into two.
But as a monitor of our screen culture, you should be more conscientious in warning readers about how debased the video experience can be in the hands of some modern video companies.
Also Thursday, The Labor Party re-elected Foreign Minister Shimon Peres as its leader and candidate for the premiership.
The president's limousine was hit by an egg thrown from the crowd as his motorcade passed through Santiago streets.
Steinberg said its board will meet this afternoon to consider Oxdon's proposal.
September's orders for big-ticket items, an important clue to the health of the U.S. manufacturing sector, will be watched closely, traders said.
In addition, however, legislators are grappling with questions about health-care costs, confidentiality and discrimination, among many others.
Before the Tiananmen massacre, the big problem for many Jiangsu projects was the shortage of domestic funds following last year's retrenchment.
RJR's 14.07% convertible pay-in-kind debentures, due in 2009, which were reset to yield 17.375% under the new plan, soared 8 1/4 points to 114 3/8 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ashland Oil, the US petroleum refiner, is to buy an extra 15 per cent stake in Ashland Coal for Dollars 110m, Reuter reports from Kentucky.
In joint custody, children see their fathers more often than in sole custody.
They needn't have worried, said several female crew members assigned to a U.S. AWACS surveillance plane stationed in Saudi Arabia.
Supreme Court Judge Theodore Orr issued the temporary restraining order in Jerusalem at the request of the Association for Civil Rights in Israel.
Others, such as Redland, which will benefit from improved cash flow, might do well if their dividends become more secure.
When the Barbary Coast of San Francisco was racked by prostitution, drugs and murder in the late 19th century, Oakland was known as the Athens of the West for its superior private schools.
But this year's convention reflected a downturn in an industry battling cable and video alternatives.
Patterson said if he can't swim Tuesday or Wednesday, he will return home.
Oraibi edged Patchy Groundfog by a head for third.
Higher earnings for the year resulted partly from improved results in employee benefits and asset management and pension services.
They will keep the gear no matter how the test goes.
Net asset value per share at London Finance & Investment Group stood at 20p at December 31 1992, against 20.84p a year earlier. Net revenue for the year amounted to Pounds 168,000 compared with losses of Pounds 3.69m.
'If the European governments think it's such an important project, they should use public funds,' says a Japanese banking official.
Congress is expected to force the issue by attaching a reinvigorated Gramm-Rudman measure to a bill raising the debt ceiling.
The defense claimed the grand jury did not have jurisdiction to bring those charges.
As an offset, the Bush team scrambles to include a forceful section for child care.
The suspects, in their late teens or early 20s, were charged with murder and robbery and were held without bail.
"I'm disappointed," said Gordon Smith, head of institutional trading at the Baltimore firm of Alex.
U.S. District Judge William Schwarzer's decision was released Thursday in connection with a lawsuit filed by 19 states in March 1988 against 32 major insurance companies and reinsurers, who provide insurance for insurance companies.
Per-share results were lower because of a public offering of 3.3 million shares in March by Intelligent, which has about 18.6 million shares outstanding.
The strike shut libraries and local tax offices and hurt care for the handicapped and elderly.
BusinessTV publishes a monthly guide to upcoming programs on industry-wide services, such as the Satellite Conference Network and American Law Network, so readers can schedule viewings.
California Gov. George Deukmejian, a Republican leaving office in January, says his cuts would allow the nation's largest state to finish its fiscal year June 30 with a balanced budget or just a small deficit.
Labour plans streamlined advisory services, measures to combat late payment by big companies, and technology audits.
New York-based Time recently announced that it was moving American Television from its Denver headquarters to the New York area.
Bush also proposed increased spending in a variety of areas such as education, child care and the environment, but he repeatedly refused to provide details on which government programs he would cut in order to lower the budget deficit.
Only time will tell, but the stakes are high.
The law, however, is murky on what exactly constitutes an illegal public offering.
Since the school began requiring students to use personal computers in the classrooms, questions of impropriety have cropped up.
Ryan purchased the bank from PJD Bancshares, a group of investors in the El Campo and Louise area in Brazoria County, for an undisclosed sum.
Radio Haiti Inter reported that soldiers hunted for members of the Tonton Macoutes, who have long terrorized the population.
The offer had been set to expire yesterday.
The man Michael Dukakis left "minding the store" in Massachusetts while running for president is a veteran of 40 years in and around government.
"This will promote further scurrying for exports," said Richard Loewy, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc., New York.
But it's wise to avoid credit card cash advances, which usually carry hefty rates of interest, some near 20 percent.
Sequa Corp.'s board authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 shares of its Class A common.
Weiner's companies paid $72,000 in rent for a Beverly Hills, Calif., house occupied by Hart's daughter and son-in-law.
But capitalism's triumph is by no means unmitigated.
National Merit declines to make public an ethnic breakdown of scholarship winners.
Adsteam also is negotiating to reschedule its debt, but some banks have been slow to agree.
Keith Bjerke, executive vice president of CCC, a corporation wholly owned by the department, said the total investment a year earlier was $16.2 billion, including $9.5 billion in loans outstanding and inventories of $6.7 billion.
Audio equipment sales rose 32 mainly on strong sales of compact-disk players.
Last year, when inventories were drawn down sharply, net farm income was about $41 billion, down from $46.3 billion in 1987.
Earnings per share increased 11 per cent from 19.14p to 21.3p. Most of the improvement had been through cost-containment.
He made his comments after the council's five permanent members _ the United States, Soviet Union, China, France and Britain _ ended more than four hours of informal meetings.
Ms. Weber, of Ocala, Fla., is an investor, philanthropist and art collector.
A speeding bus rolled off a road, hit a rock and exploded in flames Saturday, killing at least 14 people and injuring 10, the national news agency Tanjug said.
A 20-year-old Dallas man and a 19-year-old Garland woman were in jail Wednesday awaiting arraignment on burglary and theft charges.
The bank said on the supply side, overall output was expected to be bolstered by further expansion in the manufacturing sector at double-digit rates of 15%.
The youngsters usually range in ages from 7 to 14. The oldest "grandparent" so far has been an unmarried gentleman of 79 who, Mrs. Koenig says, just wanted to see how the idea worked.
Noles said money has become a concern of many workers who feel uncertainty because of the Wall Street bidding war.
As previously reported, that situation is causing several Texas thrifts that are desperate for cash to bid up the interest rates they pay for funds.
Killed with Mouawad were six Syrian soldiers and eight Lebanese troops and officers assigned to guard him, including his aide de camp Col. Joseph Ramya, and nine civilians, three of them women, police said.
Meadowhouse Bar-Laser in Stalham has been running a two-way postal EDI service for nearly a year and has more than 200 users. Here, too, a Meadowhouse computer is linked to EDI services on behalf of its customers.
Presser's defense, according to statements of defense attorney John R. Climaco, would have been that Presser was told to place certain men on the local's payroll and to keep them there, in order to protect and enhance his informant role.
Japan uses 16kg per head per year while the UK uses only 5kg. The discovery of stainless steel was one of the world's first defence industry spin-offs.
Briscoe was one of eight teen-agers indicted in the assault on Lewis.
The BAOR will then cease to exist and become instead UK Support Command (Germany). 'It doesn't exactly trip off the tongue, does it?' commented a senior British officer.
It is simply too diffuse to grip the reader, with overly detailed descriptions of military hardware, meandering pace and Ng's flat narration combining to bog the story down.
Assuming no significant new evidence surfaces during that time, the panel will renew its tentative call for three specific steps to study the safety of the gel implants over the next few years.
No, he said, they don't tell you about it because they want others to invest and push up the price.
Republican rules can be changed only by a national convention.
Holders should review any guarantees included in variable contracts.
It said hefirst escaped in 1978 while being transported in a military convoy; escaped from a court while on trial in 1980, and knocked down a guard and walked out of a police station dressed in police uniform in 1985.
St. Theresa closed its doors Friday, the 17th church to shut down as part of the Archdiocese's plan to close 30 inner-city churches.
Detractors say a political marriage is unrealistic; each island is as unique as any nation, regardless of size.
Defendants included Amigo Stores Inc., Brownsville's Public Utilities Board, the city of Brownsville, and several construction companies and materials suppliers, Cantu said.
The PCIBank group was advised by American Airlines, and the UBP Capital group by British Airways' Speedwing Technologies subsidiary.
They may, however, risk bringing some damaging interference from outside the markets themselves.
At that point, Bush interrupted, saying, "I hope the commission will listen a little bit to the American people in this election.
But the D-Mark's residual strength pushed it off a ledge above DM1.57 to close at DM1.5670 in London.
The visitors do not come to Schengen principally for its pretty chateau and church, or even for its vineyards, sweeping down to the river from the steep hills above the village.
To calm market fears following the stock-market crash, the government has offered to repurchase, for a limited period, any of the BP shares at 70 pence apiece.
The average occupancy rate of hotels less than three years old is two percentage points higher than at older properties, according to a survey of more than 1,000 new hotels by Smith Travel Research.
When farmers upstream used fungicides on their fields, the Ihlers treated their irrigation water to remove the chemicals. They complained long and loud enough to local crop dusters that the airplanes now make wide detours around their farm.
"Anticrastinators don't even see the flowers." Anticrastinators hasten to disagree.
Instead, companies worried about the sour economy will keep shifting bucks away from traditional media advertising because they can measure results faster with promotions.
And in a statement announcing the deal, Mr. Drabinsky said he was "particularly pleased" to "salute Famous Players, a spirited but fair competitor, which has always conducted itself responsibly and with sensitivity to the public."
"I don't think anyone can deny that drugs are pervasive throughout much of America," said Bennett, although casual drug use is down.
Prior to joining the FCC, Dennis, 42, was a member of the National Labor Relations Board from May 1983 to June 1986.
On the drug issue, Bush said that an international strike force, possibly under the auspices of the United Nations, could "wipe out crops wherever they are grown and take out drug labs wherever they exist."
At the same time, the tax law introduces a differential between payments by taxpayers and by the IRS.
Trump issued a two-sentence statement saying: "I wish Ivana the best.
"Wow, I could have had a V-8," she says in a barely audible whisper.
Four masked assailants today killed a Palestinian woman in the occupied West Bank, claiming she collaborated with Israel, Arab reports said.
Then at Botha's demand, he apologized.
But Jacob, asked whether tight budgetary restrictions might harm the war against drugs, said: "I don't think it will be as tough for drugs as it will be for a lot of things.
He has condemned outbreaks of anti-Soviet vandalism.
By all accounts, Judge Souter is a very nice man: kind to friends and family; a quietly pious fellow; a hard worker; an old-fashioned frugal Yankee.
Hence, it duly obliged with a half point cut in the discount rate. This latest rate cut does not, in fact, signal a change in policy.
About 1,000 Arab students protested Israel's closing of a university campus in the occupied West Bank, and Israeli troops wounded at least eight Arabs in clashes in the Gaza Strip.
It's where it all started," said Los Angeles-born Giffi Fields, who started selling hand-painted, made-to-measure men's clothes to Carnaby Street shops in the late 1960s.
Three provinces, Manitoba, Newfoundland and New Brunswick, oppose the Meech Lake Accord.
A jury found that the city school district should be held legally liable for what it found to be violations of Jett's rights, but the appeals court ruled that the jury "did not make sufficient findings to support municipal liability."
We have therefore sold our holding of European bonds and reinvested the proceeds in long dated UK index-linked stock. 'In the UK market, it is likely that small to medium capitalisation stocks will outperform their larger FT-SE 100 brethren.
Whatever the answer or explanation, the fact remains that dissatisfaction, nervousness, insecurity and disillusionment are widespread in our society.
"It's a sadness for everybody.
"In this administration, with this mayor, we will not tolerate any individual who has views of this type," Sawyer said Monday night at a reception given by a Jewish group.
In 1987, profits were $1.02 billion, following losses of almost $12 billion in 1982-86.
Shamir adviser Avi Pazner confirmed in a telephone interview that U.S. and Israeli officials were divided over how to carry out Israel's proposal for elections in the occupied lands.
The only prescription drugs now covered by Medicare are a handful of particularly expensive ones such as anti-rejection medication for organ transplant patients.
He allegedly made options trades for a public customer's account without authorization of the customer or Thomson McKinnon and also was said to have made "unsuitable and excessive" trades for the same customer's account.
He said the Geneva talks offered an opportunity for the contact group countries to say clearly what they want in Bosnia and to increase pressure on the warring parties.
Westinghouse said operating profit increased slightly at its Electronic Systems segment and was higher in its Industries business.
The currency started trading at 130.73 yen and moved in a range of 130.60-130.91 yen.
However, Nomura has applied for a Securities Registration Statement which allows unlimited placement.
A federal judge expressed reservations Monday both about signing and rejecting a consent decree to regulate all-terrain vehicles that critics say won't reduce deaths and injuries attributed to the machines.
"Are we going to cut them off now and leave them defenseless against the Sandinistas?
Some nature lovers want to bring back wolves and cougars, but some residents say that's going too far.
The company, which has interests in oil and natural-gas pipelines, agricultural, shipbuilding and automotive equipment, said shares in the former concern will automatically be exchanged for shares in the new company on a share-for-share basis.
The apparent suicide of Rep. Roy P. Dyson's top aide sent shock waves through Maryland's political community, but fellow Democrats predicted the congressman would be re-elected to a fifth term.
It will also help calm shareholders' fears that it will throw good money after bad.
The rebels, who are led by the minority Tutsis, are trying to broaden their appeal by calling on the Hutu majority to join them in government. It is not yet clear whether this appeal will calm the fears of a distrustful Hutu community.
TV series such as "Cagney & Lacey" also are in the vaults.
Sales in the whole of 1993 fell by 15.2 per cent to 11.45m, the steepest decline in the post-war period.
Galbraith and Soviet economist Stanislav Menshikov, who have known each other for more than 20 years, wanted to find out whether each could write fairly about the other's economic system, Galbraith said.
Eastern Airlines announced its first cut in scheduled daily flights since it began its reorganization last March at the outset of a long strike, and said it might lay off some employees.
Barbara, for example, was promoted after a number of years as administrative assistant.
Twenty people clapsed hands along the motorcade route Tuesday, and a crucifix and two bouquets of flowers were deposited at the approximate spot on Elm Street where the president was struck.
THE LABOUR MP who brokered the uneasy compromise at the heart of today's report had expected to spend last Tuesday evening at the Whitbread Book of the Year awards.
"Real estate revenues did seem to be very strong in the year, suggesting that Campeau can survive without the retail operations," said Janet Mangano, an analyst with Josepthal & Co. in New York.
But commodities also were hurt by reports of rain over the weekend in the bean growing regions of South America and a forecast calling for more during the week ahead.
The U.S. wants a onetime event that would then lead to direct talks between Arabs and Israelis.
Now, Mexican elections would not be Mexican elections without a "folklorio" of fraud and charges of fraud.
Misleading information was peddled to distract patients' attention from real needs. This sermon, delivered to a conference audience rather than a cathedral congregation, was greeted with applause and Macara received a noisy standing ovation.
Khashoggi became known for a flamboyant lifestyle and business talent before reportedly hitting financial straits in recent years.
Abortion entered the campaign after the U.S. Supreme Court ruling in July gave states more power to restrict abortions.
"We're scared," says Eddie Finn.
That is about even with the shares' Jan. 1 price of 44.
They say they are denied jobs and education by the majority Sinhalese, who comprise 75 percent of the population and control the government and military.
The Soviet bank, known as Vnesheconombank, will issue one billion Austrian schillings ($72.6 million) in bonds targeted largely at Austrian retail investors.
For example, on Aug. 14, an Israeli tax collector was fatally burned and three colleagues injured in a firebomb attack on their car in the West Bank.
Nordstrom's first eastern location is a 200,000 square-foot store in McLean, Va., which it plans to open in March, he said.
President Augusto Pinochet sent his ministers of foreign affairs, Hernan Errazuriz, and Agriculture, Jaime de la Sotta, to Washington to discuss the crisis with U.S. officials.
The auction Wednesday at Christie's is the second day of a 12-day selling spree at that auction house and its rival _ Sotheby's.
However, after tasting the dish in other countries, the French decided they had to set standards by choosing "official" ambassadors overseas.
Boris Yeltsin is a vocal critic of the Communist Party leadership during a time of momentous change in the Soviet Union and has become a voice for millions of the discontented and disillusioned.
Three other policemen also should stand trial, it said.
He added that he would like to submit a final plan for court approval this month.
Reporters can't be jailed for refusing to provide notes, photos or news sources to people who sue one another based on an eventthe reporter covered, the state Supreme Court ruled Sept. 27.
Repossessions have climbed from 15,810 in 1989 to more than 75,000 in 1991. Domestic mortgage indemnity claims, and provisions against future claims, are expected to total nearly Pounds 2bn for 1991 and 1992.
James B. Lee, head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp., said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance.
The trouble is that the sector's principal appeals hardly apply to Hammerson.
Universal Pictures had been created by Carl Laemmle, known as Uncle Carl because of his penchant for hiring relatives.
Kandu continued to perform before crowds at the park's marine stadium until Thursday, when trainers noticed some behavioral and body changes.
A Glaxo spokesman confirmed that legal action was being taken but added: 'Sumatriptan has been subject to rigorous screening throughout its development and is now licensed in 67 markets worldwide and has been taken by over one million patients.'
But the real family business was politics.
Stores and shopping areas are as busy as they were before the Aug. 2 Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, and there don't appear to be additional guards posted around government buildings.
The Yugoslav airline JAT plans regular showings of an AIDS prevention film on its planes, a spokesman said Friday.
Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Gennady Gerasimov, in London with Gorbachev, first told a news conference he did not know about the sale.
The appeal acted on today attacked Harmelin's conviction as well as his sentence, but the justices said they were limiting their review to the sentence.
The offering could be launched in the Samurai market, the Japanese domestic bond market for foreign borrowers. There is strong demand among domestic Japanese investors for bonds offering a margin over the Japanese bond market's current low yields.
Farmstead so far this year has racked up sales of less than $5 million.
Under terms of the agreement, Corona said it will sell its 7% stake to Bell Resources Ltd. of Australia, a company associated with Mr. Bond.
While the spring growth will be a milestone, Giedraitis said, it could be two years before the tree is "out of the woods."
That trigger will rise to $500.
Perhaps they will now persuade Congress to banish the lobbyists and let a reforming president get on with the job of providing it.
The original disclosure statement filed several weeks ago had indicated a loss of about $2.8 billion.
The freezing of allowances is, for example, bound to bring ever more people into the tax net, an unattractive development.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday, Avnet closed at $35.75 a share, down 25 cents.
On the contrary, the later job experiences of young men entering the labor market attest to the vitality of the Great American Job Machine.
That was one of his great achievements as chancellor. Brandt attaches special importance to place.
"It's one thing for Congress or the FCC to intervene in an inter-industry squabble over economics," says John Malone, the president of TeleCommunications Inc., the nation's largest cable company.
At the end of the 1980s, transatlantic takeovers were all the rage, reaching Dollars 47bn in value in 1989: since then, interest has dwindled.
In a news conference marking his birthday, the emperor said he was recovering well from surgery and answered questions about his memories of World War II.
The Emergency Medical Service, which sent an ambulance to the scene, described Lindsay as conscious but feeling dizzy and weak when he was picked up on the second floor of the midtown hospital, police said.
He says he was preparing to announce a bid for mayor when he was indicted.
By law, this would automatically invalidate the ballot.
Federal and state officials, however, said they are most concerned about trophy poachers.
If a human being had then decided to enter the prophesy business, the natural subject would have been the war: the manner and time of its end, and its impact on geopolitics in the years ahead.
Peoples and Swarovski said the Zale board will be reconstituted soon to consist of an equal number of Peoples and Swarovski designees.
Because of poor visibility at Alert, a refueling stop on the northern tip of Ellesmere Island, the Canadians were stranded at Eureka, 300 miles south.
The suit sought to compel the divestiture of Cirrus, Plus and Interlink.
The first one finished wins, after suitable penalties for missed patches.
However, East Germany also decided Tuesday to permit the about 10,000 East Germans around the embassy compound to emigrate to the West.
"My credibility is on the line because of this," the 44-year-old leader of the Rolling Stones said.
"I think the auction-rate preferred market has some structural problems.
In a last-ditch effort to recover costs for three of its nuclear plants, Commonwealth Edison Co. said it will agree to an audit of the plants if it receives an immediate $660 million annual rate increase.
John R. Johnson, chairman, said Mr. Swanson's departure Saturday wouldn't affect revenue at the 210-lawyer firm.
Airbus first signaled its intention to build the A-321 at the Paris Air Show in June, but postponed an official announcement until airlines placed a certain number of orders.
Jack Taylor has a saying: You don't drive a Corvette, you wear it.
MEESE FACES Justice Department turmoil despite a lack of criminal charges.
The indictment covers a period from 1981 through 1985.
Now they chat amicably as they descend in the elevators for the midday mail, a common daily pilgrimmage. The local party organization has replaced the building's party secretary, who always was thought to be asking too many questions.
The 11th indicator, the length of the average workweek, showed no change from June to July.
If not framed and displayed away from direct sunlight, they are ideally kept singly in acid-free envelopes in a dry, dark, relatively cool place.
It is reasonable for society to expect the former and unreasonable for it to expect the latter."
Shareholders at the meeting approved a 2-for-1 stock split.
It fails to require verifiable democracy in a country that is disrupting the region through support for terrorism and the flight of its own oppressed people.
The United States supported it.
"Merchant banks that aren't correctly positioned for new things are in serious trouble," says Oliver Greeves, who heads Chase Manhattan's merchant bank in Hong Kong.
Political concessions would also be difficult for Labor to accept, especially an expected Likud demand that Labor give up its support for an international peace conference.
They have occurred as often as once every 12,754 takeoffs or landings, which is the ratio for such incidents during a 20-month period at Logan International Airport in Boston, federal records show.
Noriega's three large pleasure yachts are called "the Macho I, Macho II and Macho III," Eagleburger said.
It is expected to begin operations later this year or early next year.
Eventually, holders of free tickets displaced genuine fare payers, hastening Pan Am's descent into bankruptcy. BA, which started its scheme in 1988, says this cannot happen today.
Recent opinion polls showed 66 per cent or more of those questioned opposed an invasion.
The Easter advertising season will be credited to this year's second quarter rather than the first because the holiday fell in April this year instead of March as it did in 1989.
However, only 18 percent of the states require geography to graduate and only 17 percent of public elementary schools offer any form of language instruction.
It accumulated $906,868 in cash-nearly triple the $314,041 value of its physical plant in 1989.
The unfinished details included company demands for a longer work week at the same pay and an extension of company rights to hire temporary workers, Masters said.
Although your report addressed important issues, including patient responsibility and diet voodoo, it failed to mention AIDS.
They also claim their land is being overrun by hordes of Chinese, sent in from Beijing to Sinicize the remote region.
On the same program, Sen. Lugar, saying that administration policy "is in shambles," asserted that Mr. Reagan "needs a first-class, big-league staff."
The agreement provides for a referendum on independence in 1998. During the intervening 10 years the territory would be divided into three provinces with more autonomy.
The standard explanation for voters supporting Democrats below the presidential level in such large numbers is the incumbent factor.
Last week, West declined to grant a similar temporary restraining order sought by the Times Herald, citing an order by U.S. District Judge D. Brook Bartlett that nothing be done to infringe the federal judge's jurisdiction.
Nelson said any suggestion that violent acts have tacit approval from union leaders is "absolutely ridiculous." There have been no serious injuries in the 20 shootings.
It isn't the first such encounter.
'Almost all children can do better if only they are properly taught,' he says.
Miranda, 17, said she went to the house at 8 p.m. Wednesday and Padres told her to leave and come back later, according to police.
His government also announced plans for referendum to let voters decide whether suspected drug traffickers wanted in the United States should be extradited.
But Gephardt seemed to acknowledge that his plan was bound to be modified by the conference committee in the long run, something that lawmakers have been conceding for weeks.
ITT Corp. has been fined $200,000 for treating Air Force officials to golf games, meals and theater tickets to obtain confidential government information used to bid on $180 million in military contracts.
"It's just a matter of introducing it to people," Kusto Lieman, chief magistrate of the Sokehs municipality on Pohnpei, says confidently.
It would have acceleration comparable to that of many gasoline-powered cars, according to Nissan engineers.
He will face Republican Rep. Benjamin Gilman.
The Soviets say renewal of diplomatic ties with Israel depends on progress in the Middle East peace process.
At 45, Mr Greg Hutchings of Tomkins is a quarter of a century younger than Lord Hanson, his erstwhile employer. Tomkins, the company which he set up after leaving Hanson, is still only one-seventh of Hanson's size.
Till is exiled for making fun of a monk, his father is burned as a heretic, his mother is murdered and he himself is nearly executed.
The FAO also reported that swarms of locusts have reached Gambia and in Cape Verde.
The acquisition would be the fifth since Blue Arrow opened an office in New York last September.
Mr Martin Jay, Vosper's managing director, said the ministry had issued no such statement.
How many times have the rumors spread through some nightspot _ "Bob Dylan's supposed to show up." This time it's no rumor.
In fact, when Mr. Mad was a student at the University of London's Wye College in the early 1980s, he discovered some mangosteens at a London market flown in by Thai International.
Conducting the BBC Welsh Symphony, Tadaki Otaka was freshly attentive to everything. The longest piece was Max Bruch's G minor violin concerto, which has been fading from the repertoire since the Second World War.
In the two Journal surveys covering that period, outside secondary-market firms reported prices ranging from $377 to $675.
The company proposed using the proceeds to fund a number of acquisitions including Warwill, a foundry and engineering company. By this time, I had reduced my holding substantially as I did not share directors' hopes for Sycamore's immediate prospects.
'High investment expenditure is not always a sign of efficient performance.' Capital productivity had fallen steadily in recent years leading to 'a dramatic increase in depreciation', he said.
And, of course, since Mr. Castro's victory, U.S. vulnerability and the risks of confrontation with the Soviets have increased.
Nine Americans are among the hostages.
Rain, mountain snow and a few thunderstorms developed over portions of Arizona late Thursday and were spreading slowly eastward.
More than 1,800 cast in situ piles will be constructed to depths of up to 21 metres with over one third being founded in the concrete inverts of the infilled dock and lock structures.
Streets adjoining Tiananmen Square were reopened to car and bicycle traffic Tuesday, although no stopping was allowed and pedestrians remained barred.
They reign supreme in Britain, but higher education is a global marketplace.
CDA assumes that shares held at the start of the quarter are retained until the end.
He is scheduled to address the high school's commencement ceremony May 27.
The ride is getting rough for Hughes Aircraft Corp.
They chased students across the campus, tearing down posters and smashing loudspeakers, chairs and the podium for the rally.
National Assembly officials said a South Korean letter proposing the talks will be delivered to North Korea through Panmunjon, the border truce site, on Monday.
The U.S. Postal Service embargoed mail to the United Kingdom on Sept. 7, when authorities in that nation reported that they were unable to accept incoming mail because of a strike.
British publisher Robert Maxwell told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report that he remains interested in a takeover of the company, which has struggled with a heavy debt load since recapitalizing in response to a bid from Mr. Maxwell in 1988.
Omnicom owns New York agencies BBDO and DDB Needham; the Dallas agency Tracy-Locke; and, since January, San Francisco agency Goodby, Berlin & Silverstein.
"People tend to buy the standards," says James Jensen, a B. Dalton buyer.
But a few experts, going against the consensus, don't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing.
"We are a substantial cash generator and had been looking at a special dividend or repurchasing shares" as ways of providing stockholders with a way to immediately receive a return on their investment, a National Health Laboratories spokeswoman said.
In the 1960s and 1970s, Rep. Brooks similarly pushed for computer-industry competition through legislation that effectively loosened International Business Machines Corp.'s grip on government computers.
"Those charges are absolutely specious and have no basis in fact," responds Martin Tucker, president of Saatchi & Saatchi Holdings of New York.
But he speculated that if atmospheric pressure patterns are related to quakes, it may be because winds associated with the patterns raise offshore sea levels slightly, putting more pressure on the earth.
Presumably, UAL is now trading closer to its value based on earnings.
Ethiopia's Marxist government began the resettlement program in November 1984 with a goal of moving 1.5 million people from the overpopulated, drought-ravaged north to unused, fertile land in the south and west.
Marion Rice Hart, an adventurer who sailed around the world and made seven solo flights across the Atlantic, died Monday of pneumonia at age 98.
Morino Associates Inc. said it proposed to acquire BGS Systems Inc. for about $27 million.
Some maintain prices could rise above that range until the increased production is flowing.
Shifting gears on a 10-speed bike, for instance, usually requires the rider to take one hand off the handlebars, reach down and move a lever.
The indictment charges that Grace understated the amounts and types of solvents used and that the company "concealed from the EPA" that solvents and other wastes frequently were poured into the ground behind the plant.
You speak about "genuine people power." About "building a rule-of-law country."
Skeptics, who are plentiful, say Mr. Pence makes a virtue of necessity.
FRENCH voters sent a strong, positive message to European bond investors yesterday, helping to repair some of the damage done in all the major European government markets last week.
The conventional misappropriation case, like the recent Wall Street scandals, involves the taking of information, whether directly or indirectly, from a company that is in some way participating in the securities markets.
"Webb was making Okemah look stupid," he said.
After his second escape he spent eight years hiding from the law. At least part of that time he lived in New York's Bronx borough, where he was arrested on separate assault charges in 1974.
Will they next lobby for a federal "lights out" law to save energy?
Nixon was greeted at the airport by Han Xu, former ambassador to the United States, and Vice Foreign Minister Liu Huaqiu.
Congress has been urged to remove Mr. Garcia's immunity to criminal prosecution, which Peru grants all its former presidents.
While plastic surgeons admit they can't cure Down's syndrome, they say a procedure known as craniofacial reconstruction may increase their patients' self-esteem by giving them more "normal" facial features.
Sponsored by Finance Chairman Lloyd Bentsen (D., Texas), it would have required the president each year to submit to Congress a three-year projection of U.S. oil production, demand and imports.
Empaneling a special committee to hear the evidence is not new. The procedure was used for the first time in the 1986 impeachment trial of Claiborne, who sought in vain to hang onto his robes even though he was already in prison for tax evasion.
At least 100 people have been reported injured, 15 serious enough to require hospitalization, Lagos newspapers said.
The Stephens family, a prominent investment banking family in Little Rock, Ark., said it plans to purchase more shares of Worthen Banking Corp., nearly doubling its stake in Arkansas's largest banking company to about 31%.
Mr. Pike has been an active investor in New England bank stocks.
He had intended to make it a mini financial conglomerate, eventually spreading from Scotland to London.
Among the victims was Jake Horton, a Gulf Power executive who had just been told by his employers that he might be disciplined for accounting irregularities.
While most of the groups are legitimate, the powerful fund-raising appeal of brightening a dying child's last days has posed some problems, charity officials said.
"I would be surprised if there is a conscious bias.
Childhood cases (under age 13): 1,489, or 2 percent.
But the RJR Nabisco Inc. unit continues to walk a narrow line between publishing its research and promoting its product as a safer cigarette.
However by 1636, Gondar had become the capital of centralized authority in the mountainous region, giving Ethiopia a political entity long before European colonization.
According to Masaru Hoshinoya, Toyota's general mangager in Lexington, the bourbon has become "essential" at parties, and visitors from Japan insist on touring the Maker's Mark distillery in Loretto.
"We are now facing the dilemma of choosing between one man's savior and another man's devil," said Jair Meneguelli, president of the Central Workers' Union, a labor umbrella group.
Moreover, analysts say that with Globe earnings down sharply, it's unlikely the company could fetch the rumored $1 billion asking price.
The deputies gathered at the Great Hall of the People for the 12-day meeting of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body that serves as a link between the Communists and other groups.
Amid verifiable reports of arrests and summary executions conducted by former Tutsi guerrillas, now known as the Rwandan Patriotic Army, the Agatashya team believes it may be too early to disband the refugee camps.
He played the Mazurka so searchingly as almost to forget its essential lilt.
When House Speaker James Wright (D., Texas) mentioned working for a package of more than $23 billion, his comment was greeted by silence, aides said.
Utah's bankruptcy court was among the busiest in the country during Mr. Mabey's four-year stint on the bench.
Business groups, including the Round Table, have grown concerned about a large increase in proxy proposals sponsored by activist shareholders in the last three years.
"The irony of it is, the Sensibar is still sailing," said Mrs. Peckol, who skipped newscasts of the wreckage. "I'm not happy about opening up a lot of old wounds.
These days he is into slugs.
Some deals may involve co-investment with an institution, such as a regional venture capital fund, with the angel representing the co-investors on the board.
Mr. White said the union wouldn't extend its strike deadline beyond midnight tonight, when the current contract expires.
These are individual business decisions," he said.
Another major source of friction with authorities is the city council's contention that Bakr built his commune without a clear title to the land.
Unions opened negotiations Friday with the prospective new owners of Eastern Airlines on multimillion-dollar concessions that buyers led by Peter V. Ueberroth say are vital to closing the deal to purchase the strikebound carrier.
Hynde's musical career took shape in London's fertile punk scene during the late 1970s.
In an interview, Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined, he expects to distribute 49% of Royal Alliance to the representatives, who sell Integrated's insurance and mutual-fund products.
Declining issues outnumbered rising issues 532 to 475.
Safety standards have been a particular focus of industrial action and a study of the construction industry, for example, shows that fatal accidents on Australian building sites are four times fewer than on U.S. projects.
The Indian car company was the brainchild of the late Sanjay Gandhi, Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's younger brother.
Evans granted a preliminary injunction requested by the advocacy group Legal Action of Wisconsin on behalf of six Milwaukee families whose AFDC benefits were cut by Learnfare.
The local school district won a three-year, $620,000 National Science Foundation grant to train intensively one teacher in each of the neighborhood's 30 elementary schools in the latest techniques in science education.
It said the proposed rules don't set adequate standards for extended care and allow retirement homes to compete with nursing homes, which have tougher regulations.
The computers will be linked so judges can communicate with each other and with court administrators.
In three terms, Mr. Dukakis's legacy also includes seemingly bright ideas that flopped, and an unwillingness or inability to resolve certain politically sensitive or long-festering problems.
The Supreme Court today refused to let public schools cut off educational help to severely handicapped children even though they may not be able to benefit from such services.
Robert D. Ballard, the expedition's leader, said the ship's state of preservation was remarkable.
In addition, power companies face an enormous growth in demand, according to the Institute of Energy Economics.
Because the queen spends the bulk of her life laying eggs, corporate heads may object if she is described as the CEO of the hive.
MacNeil Lehrer said it also expects public television stations and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting to provide an additional $62 million in the period to cover the balance of the show's production costs.
On Sunday, security guards were posted outside the Gaumont Champs-Elysees theater, the only other Paris house showing the film.
It may also hope for further hints on management succession following the recent promotion of Mr Derek Bonham, chief executive, to the title of deputy chairman apparently making him front runner to succeed Lord Hanson when he retires in 1997.
His family's financial troubles deprived him of a full education and forced him back on the farm.
He said he supported the treaty but couldn't forget the past.
Similarly, last year, the Courier-Journal printed an outstanding series on election fraud in Kentucky.
He told the newspaper he left his family and a computer job in Memphis in June to go to Central America, where he wanted to buy small parcels of land.
Pieces of the needle-nosed jet burst into flames while the fuselage, in one piece, dropped like a stone in the center of the airfield without injuring any of the thousands of exhibitors, visitors and jouralists on hand for opening day.
The IMF said the African nation will be able to draw the new loan in installments during the next three years to support its economic adjustment efforts.
This would surely improve the quality of instruction.
The money did not reach the $10 million Modai demanded.
These are believed to include the formation of an independent bid committee, chaired by an executive other than Mr Dickson, to review any future offer for Clark.
The industry used 82.2% of its capability last week, compared with 82.8% the previous week and 84% a year ago.
"This is a new page in Hungarian history," Horn told a news conference after he and Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze signed the troop withdrawal agreement.
Jersey City is providing the first test of a law enacted in January giving New Jersey power to take over chronically troubled schools.
The company had not previously disclosed Mr. Dempsey's death, nor was the suicide mentioned in a lengthy news release from the company yesterday about the outcome of the investigation.
Members of a Roman Catholic parish in Kewaskum, Wis., who held a day of fasting Tuesday to coax rain, got an answer to their prayers Wednesday when the area around town received as much as an inch or more.
Dozens of people received telephone messages Sunday with a number and instructions to call George back.
A 59-year-old Texan who would have been required to retire from Peat Marwick in 18 months, Mr. Schuetze said yesterday at a news conference that he plans to press the Financial Accounting Standards Board into adopting such standards.
The jump reflects a month-long trend in increases at the pump and the result of rising wholesale prices.
It was signed as prelude to a 34-nation summit originally called to discuss European security in the post Cold War era, but shadowed by the Persian Gulf crisis.
Almost 50 people, including at least 11 security officers, died in gunbattles during raids on suspected Gama'a hideouts in March alone.
Both the main hotels charge about Dollars 1,000 (about Pounds 660) a night for two. After my arrival, I took a bumpy ride along the island's only road.
A thin young bowler tore down the hill and bowled furiously, then followed through with unstoppable momentum, almost as fast as the ball. He was one of three generations of Tevershams involved in the match.
But the sale of some joint holdings this tax year constitute losses on the indexed basis prior to last December, and I would like to maximise use of these against gains made in my name.
Shanker says part of the problem with American schools is that too many parents and teachers are comfortable with the status quo.
I think we share the same family values," said Bush.
A procession of relatives, friends, dogs, chickens and ducks files in and out of the courtyard as the day progresses.
But Liberation, the centre-left newspaper, yesterday published a stinging editorial, criticising Mr Beregovoy for accepting it.
One of the borrowers was involved in automobile sales and golf-course development; the other was a real-estate company, Mr. Iwai said.
The radio, monitored in Nicosia, said the Iraqis launched the offensive at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday.
Patiashvili resigned after accepting responsibility for the violence.
The company turned down an unsolicited tender offer of $16 a share from Salant as inadequate and instructed its financial adviser to search for alternatives.
Most of the door-to-door jobs will be available next April and May, while office positions could start earlier and last eight months to a year.
Newsprint inventories for newspapers in the association's statistical sample averaged a 38-day supply, compared with a 41-day supply in April 1989.
The finding is based on the medical records and his personal observations.
She said the agency told its regional offices last week that Chinese might try to flee because of the suppression of dissent following the June 4 killing of hundreds of unarmed pro-democracy protesters by troops in Beijing.
"He's making things happen." Mr. Tsongas acknowledges that "lawyers and negotiators exist off somebody else's capacity to be viable.
Mr. Kahn did it much, much better.
On the floor, traders circulated rumors that the Soviets have completed a wheat purchase and that they now will buy other commodities.
"Rather than trying to teach customers to buy the cars that we build, we're building cars that the customers want," says Buick General Manager Edward H. Mertz.
A spokesman said the company was continuing to pursue a restructuring plan that officials indicated last week would be in the best interests of shareholders.
A similar one for English-speaking Nigeria and Ghana would cost $40,000, Unger says.
Race obviously will be a factor, but it won't be an issue in the Young campaign; he is telling voters he can bring to Georgia the kind of progress in economic development Atlanta has seen in the past eight years.
However, numerous Republican members are suspicious of the multilateral banks and will demand reforms. Mr Summers said the IMF and World Bank remained the best tools available for promoting collective prosperity.
The spokesman said the decision was not officials but was agreed to in principal by a government committee.
The San Antonio (Texas) Light reported Thursday that the FBI had confirmed it was investigating Bustamante and his longtime friend, Eddie Garcia, as part of a probe into an Indian bingo parlor deal.
Sihanouk will hold talks with State Department officials before traveling to New York later in the week for discussions with diplomats at the United Nations.
But there were no reports of measurable snowfall or significant rainfall during the six hours up to 2 p.m. EDT.
The sweeps are the four-times-a-year rating periods that test the relative popularity of television programming.
In trading yesterday, the benchmark 30-year Treasury bond ended at a price of 103 24/32 to yield 7.79%, compared with 103 28/32 to yield 7.78% Friday.
As befits a movie filled with actors who first donned their uniforms 25 years ago, the film looks backward, to the old series, with cameos by such familiar faces as Grace Lee Whitney and Mark Lenard.
Republicans may have been the party of low taxes and lower spending, but you can't pick and choose and blame the monstrous deficit spending on the Democrats and take credit for the lower taxes.
The 33 seats up for election this year are now held by: 18 Democrats, 15 Republicans.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Bob Buckhorn says those "essential services remain in place" at air control towers.
What's more, many in both countries consider the U.S. too eager to resort to force and too quick to demand support for its unilateral decisions.
Bethel reported a record low of 30 degrees below zero, with wind chill readings as cold as 70 below zero.
The Namibian territorial police force, composed mostly of black Namibians commanded by white South Africans, has done most of the fighting against the guerrillas.
Feynman was especially popular with Caltech students, who honored him for teaching excellence in 1982.
They said the problems could occur in any cramped conditions, even if flying business- or first-class, but were more likely in the economy section.
"There is tremendous market demand, both among the public and our customer companies, to have a fragrance that will do something to you," says Eugene Grisante, IFF chairman.
West Germany is Denmark's closest NATO ally.
Others mobbed the Securities and Exchange Commission and laid siege to Finance Minister Robert Chien's home.
In Tokyo, where trading ends before Europe's business day begins, the dollar fell 1.04 yen to close at 146.73 yen.
(84) "Family Man," CBS, 6.5.
Phil Gramm Texas Sen. Phil Gramm has been in Congress fewer than 10 years, but in that short time he has been very influential in shaping the nation's fiscal policy.
American Brands announced a 2-for-1 stock split and a boost in its quarterly dividend to 38.5 cents a share.
Marshall B. Front, executive vice president at Stein Roe & Farnham Inc., a Chicago-based investment counseling firm that manages about $14 billion of stocks and bonds, also expects lower interest rates.
Shamir, in putting down a challenge to his leadership, came out strongly in favor of more Jewish settlements in the occupied territories and the exclusion of 140,000 Arabs in east Jerusalem from proposed elections to choose Palestinian negotiators.
The company also has shipped a PC assembly line to a joint venture it has formed in Moscow, with production scheduled to begin later this year.
The commission also said controllers gave the jet's crew an atmospheric pressure reading of 1,027 millibars instead of the correct 1,108.7 millibars.
More effort should be devoted to determining what kind of state-aided support for management development works best.
Similar logic holds true for conglomerates with diverse businesses such as Allied-Signal and ITT, whose stocks trade at a below-average multiple of corporate earnings.
The SS-25 made its first public appearance in a Kremlin parade in November.
The train was supposed to go to Fort Worth but was held back at Sierra Blanca, 90 miles east of El Paso, sitting on a siding for about 14 hours under the desert sun.
In London, the British pound rose to $1.7130, compared with $1.7105 on Friday.
Western Europe: $1.39 billion, down from $2.28 billion.
"They're doing the same thing the beer people did with draft and dry beers," said Michael Bellas, president of Beverage Marketing, a New York research and consulting company.
Richard Brown, manager of an Exxon station in suburban New Orleans, said some customers have threatened to stop buying gas in protest but said there has been no decrease in business.
I don't understand that kind of priority system." Ronald J. Temple, president of Wayne County Community College in Detroit and chairman of the association's commission on urban community colleges, said such colleges need financial support.
"Our embassy is in contact almost hourly with Iraqi officials concerning the safety of U.S. citizens," White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said in a statement.
Anderson is also joining the main board of Ladbroke. Anderson (right), aged 44, is an accountant who has worked for Ladbroke since 1971.
The arbitrage "was almost like some sort of mass psychosis," says Eric Stattin, a former Shearson Lehman partner and thrift executive.
If all goes according to plan, BellSouth also could stand to benefit from economies of scale and lower capital costs per cellular subscriber.
So are charges that the Reagan administration had links with Noriega.
A battle against an illicit product must focus on the demand for, production of and trade in that product.
Some states allowed securities cases up to 10 years after the alleged fraud; the Justices tightened the deadlines.
"The ironic thing is now they're going to work on him around the clock so he can regain consciousness so we can execute him," Peruto said.
The suit was filed soon after, contending Lilco failed to disclose the potential liability of an adverse commission ruling to investors who had bought Lilco shares and bonds since 1978.
"We're very pleased with what happened in the Congress, but what really is needed is a recognition inside the Pentagon that the F-14 can do the job for them," said Grumman's president, Robert Myers, in an interview.
"A state of alert has been declared, but everything is quiet," Perez said, adding that in some places, the water was between 3 feet to 9 feet deep.
Not only do we have similar insurance problems, we have to go out and look for work.
Both are, however, hedging their bets by forming cross-border alliances, GEC with Thomson of France in sonar, BAe with Matra of France in missiles.
First-half sales were Dollars 1.29bn, up from Dollars 1.25bn.
In general elections called in mid 1991 by Mr Goh, the PAP saw its vote fall to the lowest level since the late 1960s.
Their names were not immediately available.
The Independent on Sunday reports that he spent Pounds 22,000 on acquiring Ferranti's share of the fishing rights on a stretch of the river Test in Hampshire.
The decision, made late Wednesday, was supported by opposition representatives from the Social Christian and Movement Toward Socialism (MAS) parties, the sources said.
One Israeli reporter and foreign television crew accompanied the army into the West Bank and another into Gaza.
The companies have moved to provide the schedules, so the ruling is important mainly as a precedent for firms with copyrights, patents or trademarks.
The official Tass news agency said writer Yuri Chernichenko also won election in his race against philosophy professor Gennady K. Ashin in another Moscow district.
Prince Andrew came home Wednesday following a six-month tour of duty on a Royal Navy destroyer that rescued a boatload of Vietnamese refugees, his commanding officer said.
This year they printed 5,000 and so far 3,500 have been sold, including 200 on the Salvo stand at an exhibition in London's Olympia. The subscription for the Salvo weekly and monthly is Pounds 50 a year, or Pounds 20 for the monthly alone.
He was acting as advocate, as he should.
If an institution decides it either doesn't need any more funds or could borrow elsewhere less expensively, it may allow maturing certificates to expire or not post new rates to attract new deposits.
That also is the case for an estimated 5 million to 6 million divorced and remarried Roman Catholics.
Sikh extremists have been waging a guerrilla war since 1982 for more autonomy or an independent homeland for Sikhs in Punjab, contending their minority sect is discriminated against by India's majority Hindus.
We lost the patient.
Should the terminally ill be treated with a $3,000 or $4,000 drug even if they're likely to die within a few months?
Several analysts attributed the rally to a "Buffett effect," but they noted that Mr. Buffett wasn't buying American Express common shares and said the price gain could be short-lived.
Squabbles between the rival regional party factions have jeopardized economic and constitutional reforms that were proposed to stimulate foreign investment, joint ventures and a market-oriented economy.
This was also the lesson of the Tower Report, and the message behind Bud McFarlane's opening remarks yesterday.
The prime lending rate has been stuck at 10 percent since last January.
Asked about his jail time, Capasso said, "Where I was is not a rock pile.
On Wednesday, the 12th day of the strike, Eastern still was operating only a fraction of its normal flights.
Increased on-the-air appeals got the donations temporarily back up to about $100,000 a day, but they've steadily declined ever since.
The Portuguese presidency of the EC has been trying to find a formula to satisfy Greece. Meanwhile, the first infantry contingent of the UN peacekeeping force sent to Yugoslavia began deployment in war-torn areas of Croatia yesterday.
That, however, could lead to lengthy litigation because of opposition by the state.
He cautioned that "people can easily change their minds." "The voters began by looking at Bush and a lot didn't like what they saw.
The Continental catch: Only immediate family members are allowed, and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they're related.
Dr. Hammer allegedly exercised complete control over the fortune he and Frances acquired during their marriage.
It said Bangiola could have telephoned Ms. Russell or taken other steps to find out more about Vutca's background.
The Baltic representatives in the United States agree these are the most exciting times they have known in nearly 50 years.
Nearly 130 miles to the north, the line traced by a wandering pencil on a seismograph at the University of Washington was first interpreted as evidence of a tremor 75 miles southeast of the dormant volcano.
Company officials have denied those charges.
In 1913, Notre Dame's football team upset Army 35-13 in a game at West Point that popularized the forward pass, and brought attention to Notre Dame's team captain, Knute Rockne.
In the absence of such precision, the court said it must conclude NHTSA had properly accomodated conflicting policies in lowering the standard.
This year, the Labor Department has vowed to monitor more aggressively the contracts between growers and cane cutters, who will start arriving in Florida in October.
Some was used to buy refrigerators and stereos for Ochoa and other officers, they said.
That's a hurdle Drexel had little trouble clearing in the past.
During his career Romney supervised missionary efforts of the church in Mexico, Europe, South Africa and Asia.
As Alice said in Wonderland: "It gets curiouser and curiouser."
Tokyo share prices tacked a few points on to the morning session's strong gains during the afternoon to close at another record Tuesday.
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky, the union chairman who has led the pilots' 2 1/2-year fight to take control of the airline.
Relief may be slow in coming.
The surveys may not have captured full market reaction to favorable events Thursday and Friday, including the Fed's interest-rate cuts, a surprisingly modest increase in the price indexes and a large decline in the money supply.
Rigby has a dastardly and very funny opponent is Stephen Hanan, whose Capt.
Many of those new Floridians are retirees.
In addition to private concerns about Jackson, another Democratic contender, Sen. Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee, has begun strong criticism of Jackson's experience and his stands on issues.
A spokeswoman said the company, which once owned the Penn Central railroad, is buying back shares because they are "a good deal" at current prices.
Now he has thrown himself into a regimen _ a lot of rest and a lot of food so he'll have enough strength to get through the marathon workout.
But after the mayor publicly abandoned his re-election hopes last week, attention focused on what will become of Barry and how far he has fallen.
It's Kittel who has the idea for the theater company, and he orders Jacob Gens, the Zionist leader of the Jewish police in the ghetto, to carry it out.
Menem's government has been following the kind of austerity program the fund usually requires as a condition for aid.
These problems have contributed to a widespread sense that the president has lost control of the country.
Mr. Gherman mentions unspecified financial and emotional problems, for which he could find no solution "other than running."
(News staffers at this paper repeatedly received obscene calls while this article was being prepared.) Moran's brokers vented frustrations by running through the halls stamping their feet and shouting slogans.
It settled the case by paying the fine and agreeing to the suspension.
The association is the only one of the three rail unions to participate in the tribunal.
It would be one of his lasting regrets if he were not able to finish the modernisation of the Spanish economy with the same dispatch.
Zaccaro was arrested in February 1986 and convicted by a District Court jury last April.
The advice he has been getting from his staff is, in essence, that the old-style socialism thrice rejected in the past decade was a peculiarly British response to the Conservatives' adoption of the US model of the market economy.
The daily tablets help older women compensate for their falling natural hormone production and relieve the unpleasant side effects of menopause.
CHICAGO _ Chicago Mercantile Exchange membership votes on proposed dual-trading restrictions that would ban the controversial practice in most of the Merc's financial futures markets.
"I didn't realize the Congress works so slowly to make policy," said Miroslaw Luczka, a member of the Polish senate's investigations bureau in Warsaw.
French, 33, was fined $1,048 in June by an administrative law judge who decided he violated the state's anti-discrimination law when he reneged on an agreement he made in February 1988 to rent his house in Marshall to Sue Parsons.
His busy schedule during his first official stay in Hungary called for 20 different interviews, speeches and meetings.
The seven-day securities repurchase rate, which had stood at 8 1/4% since April 23, is generally regarded as the upper limit for the overnight call money rate.
And then we got the camera up there I think in about 10 minutes." While Cronkite read wire reports on the air, Rather was at KRLD trying to confirm rumors that Kennedy was dead.
Casual followers of the red cheeks-and-sniffles circuits may protest that those two names aren't familiar, and they'd have a point.
A bomb planted in a mini-bus exploded in a yard, killing one man and injuring six people, the national news agency said Thursday.
It may seem like a joke that tiny states, surviving largely on the sale of postage stamps or on quirky tax laws attracting visitors to cheap, duty-free shopping, take their place in such a lofty forum.
Nobody, however, seemed to have much idea what that meant. Akeler became convinced that protecting the environment was becoming commercially, as well as morally, worthwhile.
They believe that the new legislation would outlaw the practice of 'front-running' - where a firm's market-makers buy or sell stock ahead of its analyst's recommendation going public.
"The American people and the American Congress have expressed their view of Waldheim by banning him from even visiting the United States," the telegram said.
The populist speaker polled 1.3 million votes in last year's parliamentary elections, the highest single tally in the ballot.
The courts dismissed the cases.
African National Congress leader Nelson Mandela, who arrived with a slight case of pneumonia, was reported in better condition and even received visitors Thursday, ANC and government officials said.
They were especially critical of his call for confidential reporting of the names of infected people, fearing such information could be used to discriminate against victims.
The two sides have agreed to meet again in Mexico before Nov. 4.
Out of 263 kommunes nationwide, only 83 voted Yes. On the No side, the main stalwart groups were trade unionists, young people and women.
Rumors in the corn market also boosted the wheat market.
Municipal Bonds Prices of municipal bonds finished generally steady to 1/4 point lower.
I believe that people should talk," Jackson said in a telephone interview from his home.
Earlier in the day, unidentified terrorists killed a night watchman and set off three bombs, destroying the interior of the biology lab building at the National University, an official at the institution said.
In the year-earlier quarter, Amoskeag had net of $6.3 million, or 69 cents a share.
Over $6.13 billion would be provided for the IRS in the budget year starting Oct. 1.
Boucher left the impression that Eagleburger's mission, as presently planned, will not involve efforts to influence ongoing talks with the Vatican and Panamanian officials over the fate of ousted dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega.
Two-thirds of respondents said they strongly felt the need to be successful in their jobs, while fewer than half said they strongly felt the need to spend more time with their families.
The Vogue audience, he believes, is probably too upscale for Sears.
A book and several articles I wrote on the EEC show that both my teaching and research have always been in economics.
"We'll be marked men," Wilson answers.
Congressional talks on a final clean air bill began Friday as a White House aide said the president remains strongly opposed to giving financial aid to workers who lose jobs because of tougher pollution requirements.
A lower capital-gains tax increases the after-tax reward for risk-taking and innovation.
Libya "announces through your radio station that it will take the responsibility of paying the salaries," Gadhafi told the radio's Paris-based Arabic service.
Stephen R. Rasinski, who entered his plea Monday, faces up to 10 years in prison and a $500,000 fine when he is sentenced April 8 in U.S. District Court.
About 10% of AT&T's eight million to nine million business customers account for 90% of its $11.5 billion of annual business revenue.
The storm gave "48 Hours" a chance to do what it was originally designed to do _ provide an instant prime-time platform for a breaking news story.
Gorbachev's speech is supposed to outline his further plans to reform the economy and open up the party and society.
He promised to yield power within 72 hours to a panel led by a civilian president that would organize elections for October.
Haggerty now has appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
'I always expected to be an employee.
He said precise figures were not yet available but estimated that the quake had killed thousands of people.
It said it established the plan because it believes stock ownership is a good incentive for employees.
While allowing out-of-state industry to plunder its vast natural resources, in exchange for picking up the tax bill, Louisiana tolerated environmental savagery.
Stocks also rose in Brussels, Amsterdam and Stockholm.
But according to the chief executive of one Footsie company last week some of the wilder stories of the last few weeks - particularly in the food sector - have become a serious drain on management time and company morale.
That same day, two of 20 anti-nuclear demonstrators were arrested at the Kennedy Space Center.
Arkla, an oil and gas concern based in Shreveport, La., couldn't be reached for comment.
"I've walked away from a lot of opportunities and made a lot of sacrifices because of my family.
Hurd, who could pose the biggest threat of all to Mrs. Thatcher if she fails to stop Heseltine in the first ballot, said on Wednesday the challenge was a mistake.
In Boise, prosecutors said they had begun drafting documents needed for Gov. Cecil Andrus to issue a formal warrant asking Utah Gov. Norm Bangerter to return the Tuinmans to Idaho.
It is up to papers like the FT diligently to examine the reality of what is happening. On the same day Mr Di Marco's letter was published the current account deficit went over Pounds 1bn again.
More than 60 people have visited El Rosario funeral home, searching for missing relatives.
People will sell a little hay, sell a cow or two, do services for each other.
Vice President George Bush enters the home stretch of the presidential campaign with victory clearly in his grasp.
The fraud supposedly involved brokers changing the size or time of a trade on their cards to disguise wrongdoing.
He said further that "when you get to that part of the presentation, you see visible evidence that his blood pressure rises and you see a very determined president who says, 'I'm just not going to do that.'"
Gwynedd rode out the recession relatively well until the end of last year but has since been hit by a number of plant closures, as companies retrench nearer their markets.
Producers of export items can keep part of their foreign-exchange earnings to import materials.
There is still hope for GATT.
Even the vintage car stand had failed to pull a crowd - except for the small boy who had wanted to know if the vehicle's owner had had the thing from new.
You wonder if you're an American colony.
Mr Picard's answer is encouraging. 'I've got a five-year programme which is on plan, and a very strong company. I do have a problem with the order book.
"This initiative does not in any way address or solve a lot of problems in the world.
The club has one door and no windows. Because of fire code violations, it had been ordered to close in August 1988.
It urged participants to refrain from disclosing details of meetings held in preparation for the round-table talks the government has promised on the future of the banned trade union movement Solidarity.
Singapore also provides much-needed facilities to handle spare parts, store other materials and support Air Force fighters and cargo planes.
He rose through the LDP ranks, learning the rules of political favors and cash politics.
But that would mean skipping over two generations of potential presidential aspirants, including some of the party's most powerful figures.
The evidence was a written statement by Lawrence B. Welborn, a retired lieutenant colonel, which apparently was obtained by plaintiff attorneys in connection with related litigation against Lockheed.
Meanwhile, with a Solidarity government in power and Communists in retreat, the union has greater influence than ever, Ragan said.
Turnover was a hefty 9.9m. In spite of the dividend disappointment, retail analysts still found plenty to cheer in the results and a raft of profits upgrades followed.
Banks are to watch for and log multiple purchases totaling $3,000 on the same day.
Wells Fargo Mortgage & Equity Trust, San Francisco, said it revised the terms of its liquidation.
The greatest growth came from the non-insurance businesses.
Still, the speaker works at getting colleagues to accept his hands-on management.
The rag trade is a point of entry to the labor market for thousands of Southern California immigrants.
Chemical Bank joined Citicorp in founding the Swiss new-issues market in the mid-1980s.
He then followed the Blue Nile to Khartoum Airport, where he put down the plane.
Although details haven't been "pinned down," a second session could "offer a laboratory to test out" systems of matching and perhaps clearing trades continuously, says Carol Burke, CBOT vice president and special counsel.
A newcomer, New York Newsday, pushed into town in 1983.
Mr Craxi, probably the most prominent of those accused, again failed to hand in his passport to magistrates yesterday, in spite of increasing pressure to do so.
Hummer faces a maximum prison term of 145 years and a fine of $3.5 million if convicted on all counts.
"Everyone must know that our offer is the maximum of what we could accept," West Germany's finance minister, Theo Waigel, said in an interview with the West German newspaper Welt am Sonntag.
In trading at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange yesterday, the price of the cattle contract for August delivery plunged 1.32 cents a pound to settle at 65.62 cents a pound.
Mr. Weingarten, chairman and president of First Capital, and his wife are discussing a transaction to sell Shearson their 17% of First Capital at a premium over current market prices.
"I've taught my children that when they buy stock, be conservative.
He arrived in this Pakistani border town this month, reportedly to seek political asylum in the West.
Mexico has been looking for expanded export markets for agricultural products such as avocados.
Gov. Edward D. DePrete hailed the plan Thursday as a sensible approach to the drug problem, but civil libertarians complained that it would be unfair.
He added: "It can be assumed that the Securities and Exchange Commission will be making the same review." Company spokesmen couldn't be reached over the weekend to comment on the letter, which was obtained by The Wall Street Journal.
The firm has refused to divulge details of the restructuring.
Lorenzo, then 32, a Harvard MBA and son of Spanish immigrants from Queens, N.Y., was the carrier's youngest president.
The firm surveyed women because they account for more than 80% of day-to-day purchases.
Furthermore, some parents argue that the approach taken by many schools is too simplistic.
The U.S. in particular recalls the late 1970s when a Latin American producer cartel, known as the "Bogota Group," played havoc with coffee importers by creating artificial shortages and driving prices up.
But a heart has to be rushed to an airport, flown to where the sick recipient is and sped to the bedside.
But the government has never charged any member of the Marcos family with criminal offenses for fear they would demand their right to return from exile to face their accusers.
All are sensitive to the economic cycle.
At issue is an amendment attached by the Senate to the resolution of ratification that bars future administrations from changing the U.S. interpretation of the treaty without prior Senate approval.
For the weekend at least, the camaraderie disappeared between birders who ordinarily would gladly show another that barn owl in the refuge's pewter-colored waters set against the casino skyline of Atlantic City.
The race will start on Sept. 11 when a boy and a girl from each participating country or territory runs through the streets of New York to the steps of the United Nations to give the signal for the worldwide series of raod races to begin.
It was launched in 1930 as the Daily Worker and renamed the Morning Star in 1968.
They feel eventually they have been there, done that.
The key attraction is that tickets for Tests are guaranteed - the result of the match is irrelevant.
Yazov and other Soviet officials have said they are moving toward a new doctrine with a defensive posture.
Beyond that 75 percent, the costs must be paid by the state and local governmemts.
The courts have invalidated the provision, while Mr. Murdoch has sold the New York Post and said he will place Boston television station WFXT in an independent trust.
Rising public concern for the environment will be a bigger factor there than it had been in the Senate.
It was not clear who would enforce Endara's order, or any kind of law and order here.
Investors should be aware of prevailing rates of inflation to gauge the real rate of return being offered to them.
Andrew took time off from his job as flight commander of the Royal Navy frigate Cambletown to make the move.
It is considered the backbone of modern price theory for financial markets.
Mr. Jones acts out vignettes from Dr. Johns's life, and delivers some of his sermons, including the astoundingly powerful "It's Safe to Kill Negroes" speech.
The copter crashed into the fence surrounding an exercise yard, injuring both the would-be escapee and the pilot.
"Religious people have got to get their act together.
Its abolition would reflect the presumption of innocence, it said.
Some former Turner officials say Mr. Bevins saw himself as the successor to Turner Broadcasting Chairman Ted Turner.
Finger foods are still in style.
Two Civil Service unions are talking to consultants about this.
Usually the date for the state opening of the next session is fixed well in advance for sometime in November.
The new leader of the troubled Covenant House says the youth shelter deserves a second chance.
The Federal Reserve this afternoon is scheduled to release statistics for all three measures of the nation's money supply last month.
He said, however, that the filing would be discussed today at a special meeting of directors.
"It's funny," says Mr. Batteau, "these commercials, like Diet Coke, get booed when they show up before a movie in a theater.
The producers then considered Kirk Douglas, Richard Widmark and others before turning to Norman Lloyd, who was cast in the role.
Children reading and understanding "To Kill a Mockingbird" and "Iron and Silk" in the ninth grade are the answer to poor SAT scores.
Williams now needs to generate cash from its basic operations. The presumption is that there will be a large beneficial effect from increased volumes once recovery gets under way. Yet Williams still does not seem to have much scope to raise prices.
"There are many investment strategies with potential," says Sheldon Jacobs, editor of the No-Load Fund Investor, an industry fund newsletter.
Analysts say the two large stock sales have helped undermine confidence in an already weakened market.
Nearly 1,000 South African soldiers, who supported Angola's anti-Marxist guerrillas, crossed into South-West Africa on Tuesday, said Lt.
Martin was named to the presidency of the publicly supported corporation on Thursday by the board of directors.
Emerging markets continue to suffer setbacks, with Greece the latest casualty, writes John Pitt.
Pam Matteson is a striking redhead from Brooklyn.
Union Bank of Switzerland, in a long-expected move, is sending a senior executive to London to merge and manage its British banking and securities businesses.
He transformed P&O from takeover target into aggressor.
Upon waking from the coma Juliet took her own life.
"Little did I dream when I was growing up on the farm so many, many years ago that someday it would be restored and people would come and marvel at how life was lived in the early 1920s," Welk wrote.
The White House said a 150-page report, written by the committee staff with administration help, "is the most complete account thus far."
But the range of borrowers and maturities suggests pockets of demand for sterling bonds rather than the wave of international buying required to help fund the public sector borrowing requirement.
The gap is much wider for working couples with children under 17 years old.
The strikers and the crowd sang the national anthem just before the shipyard gates swung open.
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday, Blockbuster's common closed at $17.50 a share, up $2.125.
Says Nelly, 41, a divorced doctor with two children: "We are the sons and daughters of bad treatment.
The closed-end fund, with assets of about $200 million, is the largest of a handful of vehicles giving U.S. investors entry to the strictly regulated Korean stock market.
The increased borrowing reflects the rebound in consumer spending in the first quarter, said Sandra Shaber, an economist for the Futures Group here.
Mr. Pollak's extensive knowledge of epilepsy gives the book many of its best moments.
Thursday's interim pre-tax profits are expected to rise to the range of Pounds 80m-Pounds 95m, against Pounds 60.5m.
I try to be open-minded.
Losses per share were 7.6p (12.88p).
Sand-filled dump trucks, water trucks and snowplows blocked all approaches to the Kremlin.
'If you want to go straight you must pull to the right.
The outlook isn't bright for property and casualty insurers that rely more on investment income, which slides along with rates.
By increasing the customer's role, telephone companies hope to hold down labor costs and eliminate installation delays.
The dollar-yen trading was inactive because participants just made technical adjustments, said Eiichi Seino, a dealer with Fuji Bank.
The assistance gradually resumed in the mid-1980s.
They fly to Paris on Thursday.
But one of his fans back in Cambridge was happy to crow about him.
'No possibility should be excluded, either in the selection of assets to be sold, the identity of the buyer, or the size of the shareholding for sale,' he told the seminar. The speech upset Mr Dehaene's socialist coalition partners.
They make a distinction between coca-producing areas where peasants are and drug traffickers. Well, guess what, guys.
The average short-term trailer fleet was 14 per cent ahead, with utilisation maintained at 83 per cent. The size of the contract hire fleet, which contributes 40 per cent of revenue, had been maintained.
The company said only last month that it expected "continued improvement in gross margin performance" in the unit throughout the year.
President Bush has authority to reject either deal if he believes it will harm U.S. national security or foreign policy interests.
The findings were based on an analysis of New York's central Harlem health district, where 96 percent of the population is black and 41 percent live below the poverty line.
But a strategy of silence was no longer possible in September 1985.
Earlier today, however, Israeli analysts questioned whether Higgins was alive before Obeid was captured.
Those insurers are seeking to reduce costs, partly by reducing middle-management positions, Mercer says.
But Karski was not a Jew and his electrifying reports propelled the ambivalent Polish exile regime into demanding a response. Nevertheless, foreign office officials suspected the Poles of exploiting the news.
October delivery gold rose $1.60 an ounce to $439.00, while September silver advanced eight cents an ounce to $7.02.
Unruh, who took over in 1990 from Michael Blumenthal, is intent on re-establishing Unisys as a force in global data processing through a fundamental reorientation of its strategy and management style. For a start, the new Unisys will be smaller.
The eventual structure of a European central bank is far from clear, but one idea is to model it after the U.S. Federal Reserve, with regional representatives and independently appointed governors.
The confrontation peaked late last month in the Legislative Yuan when Premier Hau assailed the president of National Taiwan University, a political moderate, for the way he had handled an antigovernment sit-in.
Wilson, a California Republican, said his information was based primarily on news reports and a conversation with the Rogerses.
(28) "227," NBC, 13.6, 12.0 million homes.
"The police were being attacked from both sides.
Since his appointment, Aguilar has curbed immigration raids on factories and restricted aerial surveillance of marijuana fields and prohibited the government from blocking a homosexual's entrance into the country.
Disk-less workstations, however, have generally met with just middling success.
Last night, Messrs. Shah and Dillett declined to comment.
In order to reach that level, GNP will have to expand at least 1.67% in the three months ending March 31 from the prior quarter, government officials said.
Since yesterday's decision not to cut the discount rate also rules out further reductions in market rates, which are close to their floor, he is telling other European countries not to lower their rates of interest more than modestly.
The infrastructure has been planned and is on its way.
Herman Schwartz Professor of Law American University Washington About 3,300 employees of Potomac Electric Power Co. are threatening to strike this week if they can't agree on a new labor contract with the utility.
Foundations paid most of the $2.7 million cost.
The Jan. 2 accident, called one of the country's biggest inland oil spills, occurred as the 40-year-old tank was being filled for the first time since being moved from the Cleveland area.
Other Republicans facing difficult re-election opponents included Guy Hunt of Alabama and John McKernan Jr. of Maine.
"They are implying that you cannot be trusted to make these decisions." Also Wednesday, lawmakers in Annapolis, Md., conducted a hearing on four abortion restriction bills and one pro-choice bill.
Cusnir, a 62-year-old Belgian, will remain in Europe to work on international business development projects, reporting directly to John Dooner, president and chief executive of McCann Worldwide. The assignment is somewhat of a reprise for Sennott.
In January, John Paul said he would visit the Soviet Union only if he could meet with Roman Catholics around the country.
Flameco Engineering Co. received an $11.6 million Air Force contract for aircraft engine parts.
"I personally did not wish to sell.
Fees average Pounds 4,000. They can be identified by the Boarding % column in our main table. Comparisons of A-level results around the country with average house prices make startling reading.
In previous years, companies experimented with new themes such as patriotism or comparisons.
He testified that the ship didn't respond to his rudder changes, but an on-board recorder indicated his turns were simply too late.
In retrospect I think we should have realised at that time that the group's way of dealing with problems is best suited to a private company.' There were to be further rows, of which the most dramatic took place in the early hours of yesterday.
In the past month, three regional banks have taken over like-sized counterparts, while another pair are merging amicably. Two deals were finalised last week alone.
She has lived with Mrs. Marcos since shortly before Ferdinand Marcos died last September.
Lead underwriter Salomon Brothers Inc. had no comment on investor response to the deal, but market players said the increase in size and post-pricing indications reflect strong investor demand.
His portfolio is heavy with bank and auto stocks, which most investors have scorned for more than a year.
About 2,000 police, including sharpshooters and helicopter patrols, were mobilized for Arafat's visit, during which he also was to meet with Premier Michel Rocard and Foreign Minister Roland Dumas.
This city is a prime place to sample the likes and dislikes of the typical American, say marketing experts, because residents are so, well, average.
After six years of frantic upheaval on my new site, I now see that nature has quickly diagnosed one of my great blind spots.
Police said 31,000 shells and rockets had fallen on Beirut since the latest battle began Saturday evening.
Counting all state and federal benefit programs, the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended May 26 fell to 2,194,800 from 2,246,900 a week earlier. These figures aren't seasonally adjusted.
"I can't remember the industry having a tax hike this big before." The explosion in travel taxes reflects not only the budget woes of federal and local governments but a political fact of life: Travelers are an ideal source of revenue.
Tabloids splashed pictures of "Goldfish," swimming in a water basin, and its "parents" on their front pages.
Fred P. Moosally, the commander of the ship, has said there were no indications of any problems with the guns before the explosion.
Princeville Development Corp. said Spinner Corp. agreed to end its $106 million hostile takeover bid, and that the two companies dropped all litigation against each other.
The 33 million Medicare beneficiaries currently pay a monthly premium of $28.60 for Part B coverage, which pays for 80% of "reasonable charges" for doctors' services after the first $75.
No damage estimate has been reported.
Mr. Winger notes that raising the image of any no-frills product is a difficult proposition.
Most of the major publishing houses in the U.S. and a number of foreign-owned companies took a look at Grove Weidenfeld, and at first, it was expected to fetch as much as $15 million.
February's Louvre accord between the U.S. and six other leading industrialized nations appears to have set target rates for currency exchange rates, though those have never been disclosed or acknowledged.
Cunningham delivers a storehouse of basic information - and a pep talk.
Its general direction is likely to be down, as the accompanying table suggests, and the decline could well persist for many months and be substantial.
Several Serbian firms said Monday they are severing all economic ties with Slovenian firms and closing down branch offices there.
No trial date has been set in Geneva.
Wright, 73, was delighted and planning a "quiet celebration" on his horse farm in Tasmania, said his lawyer, Malcolm Turnbull.
In any case, the Federal Reserve opted to do the job quickly and by late 1982, toward the end of a deep recession, the consumer price index was rising at an annual rate of only about 1%.
Now add an 0.5% transaction tax to the calculation.
Gerasimov said the idea of an autonomous German region within the Soviet Union "is one of a number of possibilities" under discussion as a means of helping those of German origin to retain their ethnic traditions.
Six-month revenue rose to $3.55 billion from $3.22 billion a year earlier.
Mr. Udvar-Hazy said it is "99% sure" the company will make either an all-Boeing selection, or pick a McDonnell-Airbus combination that would shut out the Seattle-based giant completely.
When one airport is over-loaded by calls they can be transferred to the other sites.
He succeeds Edwin R. Mellett, who was named president of international post-mix sales.
Among items on the agenda, he said, will be finding the company a new name.
Utility vehicles have a high center of gravity because they need extra ground clearance for off-road use.
In the past two years, however, many long-time refuseniks have been permitted to leave the Soviet Union and the number of emigres increased to more than 20,000 in 1988.
It shields management from sanctions by the market."
The U.S., though, is agreeable to eliminating all export controls on certain cellular communications systems and satellite ground stations, the White House said.
We give our trade negotiator the tools to attack trade agreement violations and we require him to use those tools.
Over the weekend, the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, an influential coalition of rights groups, called for the Senate to reject Souter.
When there was outcry in Tulsa over Occidental's acquisition of Cities Service Co., the collection came for a visit.
Whittle executives have insisted their rollout plans are on schedule.
Along with hundreds of thousands of others, Mr. Vissoka gives Angola its unwanted distinction as one of the four African nations most in need of food aid, according to the U.N.
"I want to strangle the kid, I want to hang the kid, I want to suffocate the kid," a court affidavit quoted Depew as saying about his plans for the child.
Mr David Thompson of Kleinwort Benson is bullish about the drinks industry.
GM can afford to reduce its rebates because sharp production cuts and better-than-expected sales since the stock market crash have held inventories in line.
The labor dispute has idled about 1,900 miners in Virginia, West Virginia and Kentucky.
The Coast Guard cutter Nantucket towed the craft to San Juan, and all those aboard were turned over to U.S. Immigration Service officials.
Among other loans, one of Es5.7bn will be used to improve energy facilities on the Azores islands. The loans bring total EIB lending to Portugal in 1993 to Es137bn.
For the fiscal year, CenTrust reported net income of $50.1 million, or $3.32 a share.
Steven Spielberg, the most powerful man in Hollywood, can have anything he wants.
By the close, 783 stocks had risen in price, while 838 had fallen.
The survey of 3,187 female and 3,000 male college students randomly selected in the 1985-86 school year found only 27 percent of the women deemed to have been victims of rape or attempted rape considered themselves crime victims.
The remaining property auctioned Wednesday included the main manufacturing plant.
Withdrawal symptoms such as vomiting, tremors and congestion were less severe among the waterbed babies, the study found.
About one of every 3,500 male infants is born with the defect.
But Andrew Sarlos, chairman of Toronto investment counselors Sarlos & Associates Ltd., said Nova disclosed its possible offer at a private meeting Wednesday with holders of more than 20 million Polysar shares.
The Medicare surcharge for the elderly was approved by Congress last year to help finance coverage of catastrophic illnesses.
The report said authorities were forced to open fire on the inmates.
"Growth can kill," says Gerald E. Hills, director of entrepreneurial studies at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Mr. Penna's lawyer, Irwin Fefergrad, said the court could have fined Mr. Penna as much as C$1 million and the OSC could have forced him to give up his corporate offices and directorships.
J. Landis Martin, president of NL, was out of his office this morning and could not be reached immediately for comment.
And Midland Bank PLC rebuffed a bid from Morgan Stanley Inc. for the British bank's Greenwell Montagu securities unit.
We have an asset that has been built up over many years in terms of skills of local people.
Louis Navin, vice president and chief financial officer, said that while the aerospace business should achieve sales of $775 million this year, it won't contribute to earnings before 1989.
At GenCorp, income from discontinued operations added $1 million to net this year, down from $212 million last year.
But the Romanian students' meetings and petitions also mirrored the string of public denunciations that have arisen since dictator Nicolae Ceaucescu was overthrown Dec. 22.
Paul Wilson, publisher of the Sault Star in Sault Ste.
She says she has already made her ads "more conservative" after being criticized by some of her peers for advertising at all.
Still in the portfolio are some old cyclical favorites including Deere, United Technologies and Phelps Dodge.
The White House said it was highly unlikely Bush would go to Berlin.
Repsol said group operating profit surged to 129 billion pesetas in 1992 from 111 billion pesetas a year earlier, despite a sharp drop in operating profit at its petrochemical unit to 1.22 billion pesetas from 24 billion pesetas.
But the end result will be the effective obliteration of the only fiscal criterion that made an iota of sense.
Fidata Trust was a clearing agent for E.S.M.
Price controls on oil in the U.S. market were finally ended by the Reagan administration, but floating exchange rates still distort signals from other markets.
Panamanian investigators and U.S. military police were inside the disco Saturday looking through the debris for evidence. American soldiers and Panamanian police guarded the building and kept onlookers and journalists away.
Friday's forecast was for showers and thunderstorms across the middle and southern Atlantic coastal states, the southern Appalachians and the central Gulf Coast.
Approximately 60% of the Louisiana bonds were placed directly with investors, with the remaining 40% going into dealer inventories, a Lehman official said.
Instead, inflation pressures "apparently are starting to rise again."
Miller said he was optimistic.
Only two rights issues so far this year have exceeded Pounds 100m, from GKN and Burford Holdings.
This is that the law no longer condones suits based on discredited antitrust theories.
"For them, it didn't matter," she says.
Earlier in the day when he visited the Our Lady of Perpetual Help grammar school, Quayle told students to think of the recent space shuttle mission and urged them to commit themselves to furthering America's role in space exploration.
First, I want to acknowledge the vote in the Senate upholding my veto this afternoon and reaffirming our commitment to Chinese students in this country as well as the goal of improving relations with China.
A growing number of companies, including the Baby Bells, plan to erect networks to provide similar service to customers using tiny pocket phones.
Northern Telecom earlier agreed to tie pensions to inflation, but the union said the company's offer was inadequate.
And even during the cold war, Bunche had at least three major successes to his name.
No charges have been filed against the broker, nor have Osaka police been brought into the case.
But I can't resist Cool Ground, even though he's favourite. I'm thinking of betting 15 thou, maybe even 20. What's your considered? Street guy like you.' I studied Wayne closely.
Libya claims it is a pharmaceutical plant.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (AP) _ France has loaned $9 million to Haiti, and West Germany has granted $3 million to the government to encourage a return to democratic rule, diplomats said Wednesday.
In a previous SEC filing, it said it might seek representation on the board of Los Angeles-based company, but added that it isn't "contemplating taking any actions" opposed by First Executive's board.
McCoy got his by talking the owner of a truck parts store into buying him one for $35,000. In return, McCoy offered to split the profit.
Among them, the young American John Keyes, while no physical match for Placido Domingo or Peter Hoffmann, sang the title role ardently.
Even President Francois Mitterrand allowed himself a grudging compliment. Mr Major intends to capitalise on the plaudits - and on the substantive deals struck in Edinburgh.
The law was a response to hit-and-miss abatement efforts by the Environmental Protection Agency, which in the 1970s began a voluntary program against asbestos in schools.
James McMullen shot his wife, Billie, to death, then turned the gun on himself Sunday night after a weekend of heavy rain.
But cash-rich foreign investors and domestic investors with very short-term funds continued aggressively hunting for stocks from which they can expect wide gains in a short term, traders said.
In just about every event, athletes will vie singly or in pairs against a clock or tape, or to please a panel of judges.
Kelly then ordered Thornburgh to appear and straighten out the lawsuit's status.
A gynecologist testified Wednesday that he was unaware that blood that had been tested for the AIDS virus was available when he unknowingly gave a patient tainted blood that gave her the deadly disease.
If the proposal is accepted, it would for the first time allow legislative protection of the Pacific Northwest's most significant stands of old-growth forest, which range from 200 to 1,000 years old.
If global interest rates are to fall - as, indeed, they must - the US must put its own fiscal house in order.
Similar arrangements exist, of course, for the forces of other member countries of both sides, but there are large differences in procedures and capabilities.
All numbers were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations.
The St. Louis-based retailer said sales rose 9% to $2.19 billion from $2.04 billion a year earlier.
Another West German, Ralph Rudolf Schray, was kidnapped in Beirut Jan. 27 and is still being held.
Kymmene, Metsa-Serla and Enso-Gutzeit will all see a loss from their fine paper divisions.
American Stores began its courtship with Lucky in March, launching a tender offer of $45 a share, which it later said it would consider increasing to $50 a share.
The incident began when the man entered a home in the city's north end Wednesday afternoon and held five persons hostage, according to police spokesman Joseph Hilleary.
Tamils, mainly Hindu, make up 18 percent of Sri Lanka's 16 million people.
Ms. Lesly obviously did not do her homework.
'This can't be tackled by voting for conventions.
But he underwent hundreds of blood transfusions, and at least one of them involved tainted blood products that brought the deadly AIDS virus into his body.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday, Community Psychiatric closed at $36, up $2.25.
London's September contract was stuck between solid support at Dollars 900 and resistance around Dollars 940 a tonne.
Mottram, most recently deputy md at Hughes Rediffusion Simulation, becomes managing director of Simon Access (UK).
"It means just that, our best, good-faith efforts.
President Bush's plan to dismantle the independent regulatory structure for savings and loan institutions may be the beginning of the end of the specialized system of home mortgage lending, industry officials and analysts said Tuesday.
Bertinelli acknowledges she doesn't look like the woman she'll be portraying but found her to be an interesting person to play.
Mink has been in Congress since late September, serving the remaining months of the term of Daniel Akaka.
A few years ago, every other TV commercial seemed to be filmed in that black-and-white, shaky-camera style popularized by director Leslie Dektor.
He tells each sector something different." The private sector recognizes Cerezo's achievments during the first 18 months of his term.
"The people in the most difficulty are the ones who are going to face this additional burden," argues Walter F. Williams, chairman of troubled Bethlehem Steel Corp.
There are 2,383 Americans still listed as missing from the Vietnam war, including 547 who were lost in Laos.
The FAA also plans at some point to examine some commuter aircraft for signs of aging, Buckhorn said.
Chemical Banking, the nation's fourth-largest bank holding company, said it earned $127.7 million, or $1.98 a share, compared with a net loss of $1.1 billion in the second quarter of 1987.
White House press secretary Marlin Fitzwater said the move reflected no change in Bush's opposition to banning such guns but merely would enforce current law that allows for import of the guns only if they are for sporting purposes.
The units are battery powered and at one stage Gallaher found it was going through batteries at a remarkable rate.
The Soviets wouldn't buy when the market was as strong as it was Tuesday because "they would only be pushing the market higher against themselves," he said.
Marxist-led guerrillas have waged a 9-year-old war against the U.S.-backed government.
The number on the company's news release has been disconnected, according to a phone company recording.
The unit underlined a new emphasis on corporate business last month by deciding to close accounts under 50,000 bolivars ($3,450).
This might spur the banks to buy shorter-term bonds that don't fluctuate as widely, bankers add.
The court is a branch of the 23-nation Council of Europe, to which Britain belongs, and its decisions are not binding but rarely are ignored.
Here are the fourth-quarter earnings for various industry groups and comparisons with the year-earlier quarter.
According to the criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court, Breen told police he believed punching Glenn would generate publicity and catch the attention of Pope John Paul II.
The new company, Handelsblatt-Dow Jones Gmbh, will have an initial capitalization of $1 million and will be based in Frankfurt.
Dukakis' Democratic rival, Jesse Jackson, repeated his criticism of U.S. negotiations with Noriega but made no reference to the reported tentative agreement.
Bush called it a subterfuge for a later tax increase and said it would put future social security benefits at risk.
In late trading, the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond was up 5/32 at 99 1/8 , yielding 7.317 per cent, after losing ground in morning trading.
The firm's futures position "could have been put on with knowledge that the customer had placed a large buy order," the study added.
In the afternoon session, both Todorov and Savov underwent questioning by the lawmakers, a novelty in Bulgaria.
Jose Antonio Zorrilla, once head of Mexico's Federal Security Department, was indicted for murder Saturday in the slaying of an investigative journalist five years ago.
NBC has become such a juggernaut, it is having a hard time finding new superlatives.
A lone fishing boat, dwarfed by the crippled hulk of the tanker, circled in silent protest as the ship was pulled from its protected anchorage at Outside Bay on Naked Island.
He hopes others will continue such battles.
A new jury will decide how much the auto maker should pay inventor Robert Kearns.
'I believe that in west Germany, you are not meant to admit that you lack self-confidence.' Katharina Gruhl, a 30-year-old west Berliner who runs her own management consultancy agency, approached Schlingelhof 'because I wanted to project myself.
September 1957 to May 1958, President Dwight D. Eisenhower activated 8,873 members of the Arkansas Army and Air National Guard to Little Rock, Ark., during school integration disturbances.
Even in the face of popular demands for equitable growth and foreign pressure for trade liberalization, analysts agree the Korean economy isn't likely to be knocked off track.
Damaso Perez Prado, who was credited with popularizing the Caribbean music known as mambo in the 1940s and '50s, died Thursday after suffering a stroke, his son said.
Variety has broadened its coverage in recent years to all aspects of U.S and foreign entertainment.
October is one of the two biggest months for CD rollovers for several reasons, including the fact that CD rates were fully deregulated in October 1983.
The disclosure was made in documents detailing a leveraged buy-out offer led by members of management and a Morgan Stanley & Co. fund.
"The plan is more or less inactive now, but we'll look at the situation as we go forward," Mr. Meyo said.
The cities have yet to be chosen.
Osborne had maintained that female board members need chauffeurs for protection when traveling to and from evening meetings.
"They are deliberately trying to disobey the court of law," government prosecutor U.S. Prasad said.
The administration is resisting this, and also insisting on retaining more air-launched cruise missiles than the Soviets have proposed.
'Three years ago, politics in eastern Germany was like a casino game, with everyone vying for a place in the new order,' he says. 'Today, officials are slowly trying to make up their minds about where they stand politically.
The National Air Traffic Controllers Association, based in Washington, said controllers at O'Hare and other airports nationwide are overworked.
Mr Juergen Moellemann, German economics minister, attends Budesbank meeting. Greece becomes a full member of the Western European Union.
Robert Mueller, the Justice Department's assistant attorney general in charge of the criminal division, denied that the agency had moved slowly.
The most vulnerable part of MDC is Nexis, its business information arm, which is essentially an electronic warehouse for other companies' information.
"Netware is two years ahead of Lan Manager," said Darrel Miller, an executive vice president at Novell.
He said the cuts would force some layoffs of Air Midwest's 150 employees at Kansas City, although he did not know how many.
Of the one-third of respondents identifying themselves as Conservatives who think she should resign, 11 percent said it should happen immediately.
The dispute was touched off when the leader of a Hindu right-wing party, Lal Krishna Advani, was arrested Oct. 24 while leading a caravan to Ayodhya to help build the proposed temple.
Target users include traveling business people, passengers of ships and aircraft, disaster-relief workers and residents of underdeveloped nations.
"Anyone outside the family who does it is in big trouble" at the Emick household, he said.
Later that day when she returned home, she said, her husband had his hands in his pockets and looked shaken.
She was the first person accused of fraud in the contest's eight-year history.
Analysts said earnings were consistent with estimates in the range of 44 to 45 cents a share.
Police said one other Hindu was reported killed by Sikh militants overnight in Amritsar District.
Oil futures prices have edged higher in trading dominated by technical factors.
Initial claims for regular state unemployment benefits rose to a seasonally adjusted 340,000 during the week ended June 6 from 310,000 the previous week, the Labor Department said.
Special circumstances mean the penalty upon conviction could be death or life in prison without possibility of parole.
"I'm convinced that there will be an impact, and that it will not be a positive one," said state Commerce Commissioner Robert Trocin.
Silver bullion fell in London to a late bid of $6.33 a troy ounce, down from $6.41 bid late Monday.
Mr. Kapor resigned last year from Lotus, maker of the 1-2-3 spreadsheet program, the top-selling personal computer program.
It is a factor in foreign exchange.
In Pennsylvania, fewer than 20 inspectors must monitor the state's 1,300 homes.
After three days searching the Dartmouth area, the searchers moved to along Route 140 in Freetown and Lakeville, near where the body was found in July.
"We were waiting for some of the storm to die down," a Delta spokesman says.
Gandhi quietly looked on.
The group wants to unite the predominantly Protestant province with the 95 percent Catholic Republic of Ireland under socialist rule.
United isn't slowing its pace.
Yesterday, the 65-year-old Mr. Bookout announced he will retire June 30 and be succeeded by Frank Richardson, a longtime Shell employee currently in charge of refining and marketing operations.
Economic worries intensified the market's recent slide, pushing the Dow Jones industrial average below the 2,500 mark to levels not seen since May 1989.
President Reagan told the "courage award" winners they had proved that "fear was not the end for you but a challenge" to triumph over cancer and help others confront the disease.
The biggest institutional players include Wells Fargo Investment Advisors, Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management, which structure their portfolios to match such indexes as the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
Even when Tupe rules applied, he expected bidders to be able to make 'genuinely innovative proposals' that would offer good value for money.
However, several businessmen said the changes don't eliminate the greatest obstacles to Western firms. "You've got to be able to repatriate profits and guarantee a supply of materials locally," said John Burgess of Midland Bank PLC.
'We're trying to develop applications sitting down.'
The delegates voted 2,557 to 1,393 for such a chance before their afternoon break.
The nine Americans are among 18 foreigners missing and believed kidnapped in Lebanon.
The potential for labor unrest is also clouding the pact.
"There's a value there beyond what gold is there" because of the history linked to the treasure and the unusually large nuggets, Miller said.
George Hansen of Idaho after he was convicted in 1984 of falsifying personal financial disclosure reports.
Tokyo stocks closed easier as profit-taking and futures-related selling wiped out the session's early gains in a wide range of issues.
The dollar's movement yesterday was based more on its intermediary role between the non-dollar trades and wasn't based on fundamentals, said Frank Tuminello, chief dealer at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale in New York.
They cite software concerns such as Microsoft and Oracle Systems as well.
But, he adds, "the good news, if there is any, is leading indicators are starting to move up.
There is a middle ground founded on common sense, and our industries are following it in more than one voluntary project, in addition to the Environmental Protection Agency regulations.
The Energy Department took over operation of the New York state-owned plant in 1980.
Warnings have come that some elected representatives might refuse to take part if the meeting stays in Phoenix.
Some would say broadcasting the horror as you did in your story is pointless.
Continuing strong opposition from Israel's supporters in Congress has forced the administration in recent days to discuss a compromise that might include dropping the Maverick missiles.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, whose troops support Mozambican government forces, said the plan to end the Angolan war could have parallels for Mozambique.
Before that, he was ad director for The Moore County News in Dumas, Texas, and worked for the Tulia (Texas) Herald.
They said Carl was destroyed after the Illinois fair.
Platinum futures prices rose for a second straight day Wednesday amid growing confidence that Ford Motor Co.'s new catalytic converter will not substantially reduce demand for platinum for at least the next several years.
In Xiamen, for example, Taiwanese-funded joint ventures receive a four-year tax holiday, rather than the three years given foreign enterprises.
Kroger stock soared after the Kohlberg Kravis announcement, closing at $56.25 a share, up $3.50 from Monday in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Brokers and analysts in the British colony loudly criticized the announced issues, saying they would allow key shareholders to maintain controlling stakes without correspondingly large investments.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony M. Kennedy voted to dismiss the suit against Pennsylvania.
Monday's trouble started in the morning after residents captured three men dressed in police uniforms and accused them of belonging to the Mandale.
Finally, the House bill would repeal an amendment to the Export Administration Act and exclude the Defense Department from any role in export licensing to COCOM countries.
'Opening the industry to foreigners already will give local companies a hard time.
Generale de Belgique's archaic management structure was one factor that attracted him, Mr. De Benedetti says.
High unemployment insurance costs often run parallel with high unemployment.
He said the United States had refused to grant Stroessner a temporary visa to receive treatment.
Although Spanish is the official language, Quechua and Aymara are widely spoken in rural areas and in major cities.
Authorities are exchanging information with other international agencies to monitor potential threats, Charoon said.
Union members are expected to vote on the tentative agreement this weekend.
Sales were about flat with $342.8 million last year.
Is it an income tax?
These Palestinians don't want to undercut the PLO, but they expect more leadership than they are getting.
The Rev. Norman Nawrocki, the archdiocese's grievance clerk, has 20 days to decide whether the grievances fit the archdiocese's guidelines for disputes.
While he is playing a supporting role in a movie being shot on the Caribbean island of Parador, he meets the dictator-president and does an imitation of him.
Because he was sentenced before the state switched its method of executions, Swindler has the choice of dying in the electric chair or by lethal injection, the state standard.
As with OTC market makers, stock quotes from Midwest exchange specialists would be included in calculating bid and offer prices displayed by the National Association of Securities Dealers' automated quotation system.
But it is also demeaning to Walter Mondale, Jimmy Carter, George McGovern and Lyndon Johnson, as well as confusing to the voters who two weeks ago saw Mr. Dukakis treat the word as an insult.
In county and mayoral races, the opposition won six posts, up from two before the vote.
The newspaper said a hijacking by three Palestinians was threatened during the Easter weekend.
Industrial pollution has destroyed large tracts of fertile land. There are chronic shortages of agricultural feed and raw materials for industry.
The reduced workload never materialized, even though the pay cut remains in effect.
"Even if Mr. McFarlane did not have the president's explicit prior approval," according to the report, "he clearly had his full support."
The quadruple strand of pearls around her neck?
He says labour costs are 40 per cent greater than in Brazil - hardly an efficient economy - and component costs are 30 per cent greater.
"We were surprised, we're disappointed and we're examining our options," he said.
Prom rentals are the hottest market for Dress Rehearsal, Dallas.
The publisher of Forbes magazine is estimated to be worth $1 billion.
Asked about these records, Ms. Bartola says some failures may have escaped her attention because of a staff shortage.
Ginger's owner, Jane Shumaker, said she hadn't programmed 911 into her telephone's automatic dialing system, and she finds it hard to believe her pet made the call.
Vessels large and small, many of them the same ones that rescued hundreds of thousands of Allied troops from the Nazi onslaught, made their way across the English Channel to mark the 50th anniversary of the evacuation.
The move followed the dissolution of Parliament in an attempt to resolve a crisis caused by the collapse this month of the minority Social Democrat government.
The golds sector gained about 1 per cent.
Average rent in the building is about $30 a square foot.
One tough philosophical dilemma Mr. Major says will preoccupy EC leaders is the degree of independence of a future central banking authority, currently dubbed the "EuroFed."
The marketing campaign is expected to begin soon.
In contrast, Sen. Bentsen campaigned last week in a half-empty plane, to a measured cadence.
The presidents are expected to be in Caracas for the Perez inauguration.
Robinson denied any connection to Barber's death.
Mrs. Lombardi, who died in 1982, told the detective she was disturbed by the service area's reputation and threatened to have Lombardi's name and football memorabilia removed, the state police spokesman said.
The grown Gor, played by the wide-eyed Jamie Foster, has turned out to be quite a perfect gentleman.
The White House report will undoubtedly boost those efforts, but given the continuing budget pressures, it's unclear whether the administration will support big increases.
Stewart Walker, the city's chief administrative officer, said the city had no way to arrange a compromise on the unpaid property taxes.
But Lawrence Shorten, testifying Monday at the racketeering trial of Rep. Mario Biaggi, D-N.Y., and six others, said he never took the suggested murder plot seriously.
U.N. officials say they probably will fail to meet their goal of moving 115,500 tons _ the amount needed to stave off widespread starvation.
The 12 thrifts will be merged into a new institution called American Federal Bank, based in Dallas.
Greyhound has reported more than 30 shooting attacks on its buses, 70 bomb threats, and more than 100 incidents of violence.
David M. Walker, both shuttle commanders, were disciplined Monday for violating Johnson Space Center flight crew guidelines.
Strong early buying from the Middle East triggered "good momentum" in silver, said David Sobotka, chief bullion trader for Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. in New York.
But it is hard.
They gave him a letter demanding to know how the soldiers died.
The 65-year-old former dissident was persecuted by military-dominated regimes.
"We hoped there would be some harmony between the two but unfortunately this has not come to pass.
A total of 17 people were kidnapped from May 3-5 by the National Liberation Army, a pro-Cuban guerrilla group.
Federal law currently prohibits banks from ooow banks from owningggks from owning or bbom owning or being owned by a company that isn't related to banking, and bans most banks from being affiliated with securities firms.
Lenders will often only make funds available if payment is guaranteed by assets of the borrower.
But while it's easy to get lost in America, finding missing adults is a journey through frustration and helplessness.
The advances were fed by a continued clamor for shares from foreign institutions in the wake of the airport agreement, as well as local enthusiasm about climbing property prices.
An issue of 175 million New Zealand dollars ($104.2 million) of notes by Kraft Inc. due July 1989.
Transamerica Corp. expects to report an estimated 32% increase in fourth-quarter profit and a 55% increase for the year, reflecting nearly across-the-board operating earnings growth.
The Supreme Court today rejected an effort to preserve longshoremen's jobs in the face of changing technology.
The rockers tend to blur together on the second side, until the record ends strongly with the bluesy "Hand to Mouth," featuring excellent guitar by Rick Richards and the piano of guest Ian McLagan.
Others insist that all supplies come from the US.
Most of the chairmen to lose their jobs in the industrial sector, apart from Mr Francis Lorentz of Bull, did so because they were about to pass the mandatory retirement age of 65. But Mr Beregovoy has been less successful at averting controversy.
Eighteen people, including six foreign tourists, were hurt when a bomb exploded in the Turkish resort of Kusadasi.
Miss Taylor has suffered back problems since she fell of a horse and fractured her spine 30 years ago, Ms. Sam said.
Without doubt the most intractable issue is electoral reform, because of its impact on the composition of the Commons, and thus of governments. Nonetheless, three lesser reforms have obvious merit.
Now many believe that Telebras is reaching its level. Mr Teixeira says: 'There is a saying: 'When you don't know companies, you buy names.'
Batteries are a major commodity, for only half of Kabul gets power on any given day.
He said IBM regularly surveys the computer market and adjusts its prices to stay competitive with other computer makers.
Coleman writes indirectly and capaciously, spreading his knowledge.
"That's quite a deal, and we're saying no," Beidler said. "We're going to send our cards back to American Express in pieces." American Express and Shearson also have come under fire from state officials for their role in the hostile bid.
The congress is much more loyal to Gorbachev and to the central government than te smaller Russian Supreme Soviet legislature, which Yeltsin easily controls.
China's sky will not collapse,' she said. In Los Angeles last week, US companies signed 11 contracts for Chinese projects worth Dollars 1.3bn (Pounds 870m) and another 134 letters of intent worth billions more.
That classification never really mattered to him until he married a colored woman.
Only a handful of the planes are in commercial service, all of them in Europe.
Can you imagine finding this?" asked Eileen Butler, a manager at Bruesewitz, a local plumbing contractor where workers said they had heard of such mishaps before.
Hamadi's trial began July 5.
Milea told Ceausescu he had studied the military regulations and found nothing to justify the shooting of civilians.
He is in less of a hurry to remove the 15 multiple rule.
The Italian parliament this month approved the creation of a national space agency.
"LBO has in some minds come to stand for `large bankruptcy opportunity,'" she told the ABA tax lawyers last week.
He said:"It was a good half and this is a good year," predicting that activity in terms of volume and profit was expected to remain "satisfactory" in the second half.
And the best news is that this budget proves it can be done without raising your taxes.
His purpose was to produce a high quality economics textbook.
"About five years ago, I started getting interested in computers to help me do my work, not just to play with, because I'm one of those people that can't write a program," he said.
That argument could mean trouble for catalog companies, said Bob Levering, legislative counsel for the Direct Marketing Association in Washington, D.C.
She then buys a large melon-like vegetable for 270 dong, after bargaining the price down from 350.
The presence of a few well-heeled economic citizens could push the island economies even further away from soft-money windows.
Left unsaid by younger Kuomintang leaders is whether the "recovery of the mainland" slogan will be buried.
In Moscow, Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman Vadim Perfiliev said his government was ready to help find those responsible for the crash, but did not give specifics.
The suit also seeks $50 million in punitive damages.
The move affected $100 million each of Lincoln 9 3/4% notes due 1995, 9 1/8% notes due 1992 and 8% notes due 1997.
Martin McGuinness, a member of Sinn Fein's national executive committee, told the conference the IRA is trying to resolve the issue.
The legislation could wind up with an array of additional costs, however.
Shell is also the operator on the so-called Mars prospect acreage where its latest discovery was made.
The death toll was expected to rise, with at least 20 of the injured in critical condition, said Matthew John, director of railway safety for the Railway Ministry.
He was one of Fleming's stringers after the war and writes about him with affection. Not surprisingly, McCormick confirms that the Ian/Ann marriage had been difficult for years.
Gulf Coast officials say erratic weather patterns and pollution have combined to devastate the local oyster reefs.
Police and demonstrators clashed in Pabna, 75 miles northwest of Dhaka, the paper said, but it did not specify how many of the injured were protesters and how many were police.
During the fighting, a third of southern Sudan's 6 million civilians have fled to the north or to neighboring countries.
Following the Carpentras desecration, Joxe said Le Pen had contributed to a climate of hatred that could lead to such acts.
Nobody was sure how long the whales could last.
Michigan National stock closed yesterday at $47.50, unchanged, in national over-the-counter trading.
The accreditation agencies that are supposed to keep colleges up to par have been no help: They focus largely on input measures such as the number of Ph.D.s on staff, not on ensuring a comparable level of education.
The drawbridge and the 590-foot vessel collided near the Illinois International Port District Friday night, but officials still weren't sure if the bridge was lowered onto the ship or if the freighter struck the span.
Police would not say what led them to arrest Hoppe, who had been a suspect during the original investigation, and gave no motive for the slaying.
Citicorp said it was disappointed by Moody's action but added that it didn't expect the downgradings to significantly increase overall funding costs.
This person may check with magazines and databases and will find no reference to his problem. He may discuss it 'off the record' with his peers.
President Roh Tae-woo was sworn into office Thursday and promised to end decades of harsh authoritarian rule and form a "people's government." It was the first peaceful transfer of power in South Korea's violent 40-year history.
Seasonal factors such as holiday shopping and end-of-year tax considerations "undoubtedly contributed" to the modest decline in assets held by individuals, she said.
"Sweetheart," Mona gushed, "your wish is my command."
It has suffered the loss of many accounts, including a number of Procter & Gamble brands.
As previously reported, First City has lowered the redemption goal to 70%, but there still isn't any assurance the bailout can be completed, First City and its auditors warned in the document.
Senate Finance Chairman Bentsen called the meeting with Mr. Baker an "exploratory conference.
The Italian movie, like Monday night's Oscar cast, celebrates the love of film.
But the feeling is more than mutual.
He succeeds Donald Fuller, who resigned from those posts in July.
The Contra leaders met into the dinner hour at the White House with national security adviser Colin Powell.
British Aerospace will design the wing parts.
The couple has a 10-year-old daughter.
But taking the last three months compared with the previous three, consumer prices have actually fallen by 1 per cent. Even that may understate the extent of the deflation.
These countries, accounting for perhaps 2 per cent of the population of the region, would receive about $673 million in economic and military aid.
As part of yesterday's deal, Britain agreed to study whether access to Heathrow by a number of small French airlines could be improved.
Kennedy also said his brother's idealism remains alive around the world.
The group includes the American Friends Service Committee, the War Resisters League, Pax Christi and Church Women United.
But having an ally able to grease the wheels - and palms - is also essential to get things done in many countries. Even then, pitfalls await the unwary newcomer.
In a straddle an investor sells both a put and a call simultaneously, expecting that the index value will remain within the cap prices of the two options.
Eppelmann also renewed a coalition offer to the Social Democrats, who finished second in the balloting Sunday.
WASHINGTON _ The House takes up the 1990 budget resolution and possibly the 1989 emergency supplemental spending bill.
It says that once enough money is raised to start mining, additional gold will be sold at full price, without a time lag and through more traditional means than phone sales.
Schultz said unlike most mainstream Christian bodies, the church doesn't have a single doctrine.
The drug had sales of about $290 million in 1990, according to Ronald Nordmann, an analyst with PaineWebber Inc. Research indicates that Mevacor and Zocor are strikingly similar; both can reduce blood-cholesterol levels about 21% to 33%.
Church officials say they need $190,000 to preserve the church, which overlooks the thatched roofs and farmlands of Great Brington, 66 miles northwest of London.
Denis Worrall, one of the Democratic Party leaders, said his delegation and Mandela agreed on the need for universal voting rights, but differed over the ANC's support for guerrilla violence, economic sanctions and nationalization.
The well flowed at a rate of 3,918 barrels of oil a day through a 3/4-inch choke, from a depth of 12,722 feet.
Aluminum analyst Stewart R. Spector, author of the Spector Report, predicts Russian exports could fall by "several hundred thousand tons."
It is the second-largest producer of platinum after South Africa and is the leading miner of a sister metal, palladium.
It also confirmed a previous decision to classify the court records in the case as secret.
Fryer said he wasn't certain of the exact nature of the dental work, but said Cuomo might have to return for more.
Three-foot-high lighted flagsticks marked the holes, while glow-in-the-dark golf balls sailed aimlessly through the air like drunken fireflies.
He said this change in Rockwell's attitude had emerged over the past year.
Well, here it is again.
The National Liberation Front was the sole political party in the North African nation of 24 million people until constitutional changes in February 1989 opened the way to competing parties.
The dollar dipped against several major currencies but rose against the British pound and Canadian dollar on Thursday in advance of Friday's release of U.S. trade figures.
The road now carries travelers on a rugged five-hour journey in the shadow of the Andes' majestic spine, across the barren and cold altiplano and skirting volcanic cones.
He didn't rule it out, but pointed to the difficulties surrounding such negotiations.
Mr. Jackson, by contrast, filed full delegate slates in only a third of the state's districts.
Carter's father, James Earl Carter Sr., who ran a peanut warehouse, died of the disease in 1953.
Asahi Chemical, a subsidiary of Asahi Medical, was up sharply.
The latest decision to halt deliveries was reported Monday by the trade publication "Defense Week" and subsequently confirmed by Army officials.
When they could not disperse the mobs, they fired at least 25 canisters of tear gas.
He said he was confident government troops would defeat the Tigers if war again broke out.
Commonwealth Mortgage doesn't have any employees of its own.
Gold was helped by the rise in platinum as well as a softening in the securities markets, which could stimulate some demand for gold as a safer haven, he said.
But borrowings were rising and book values were being inflated, sowing the seeds of disaster when the market turned.
The so-called left wing there supported the ordination of women.
The disclosures are contained in an upcoming book by former White House chief of staff Donald T. Regan.
Customers without a Midland account would be charged more. Payment would have been deducted from the customer's account the following day or taken in cash at the time the money was handed over. Midland said yesterday: 'It was a local area initiative.
Awarded by competitive tender, the eight-month contract will be completed in December. The second, for Land Securities, is a six-storey office block in Gough Square, London EC4 where Wiltshier has recently completed an office block development.
Mary Loe Rosas, a spokeswoman for the Federal Reserve in Dallas, said they weren't aware of the problem until investigators contacted them.
'I do not see how kidnapping a boy of 16 serves the cause of Islam or of Kashmiris,' he wrote in a letter to Mr Syed Salahuddin, leader of Kashmir's fundamentalist Hizb-ul Mujahideen group.
The works were produced as illustrations for "Voyage en Siberie" (1768), a three-volume account of Russia in the 18th century by natural scientist Abbe Chappe d'Auteroche.
The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received.
In April, Champion won a restraining order in a federal district court in Chicago.
It says it did so only to protect its customers because the re-imported models are technically illegal to use in Japan.
"There are definitely overlaps," Mr. Schoellkopf said, though he added that no decisions have been made yet about which branches to close.
"It's totally fiction," Yoko said during the hour-long program, which opened with Lennon's song, "Gimme Some Truth," and coincided with the book's national release Wednesday.
Other mockers will gather at the Palace club in Hollywood, the scene of the Golden Raspberry Foundation's annual Oscar spoof ceremony, which this year will be held simultaneously with the Academy Awards.
And he repeated his contention that Mallick had no direct interest in legislation.
Holmes a Court controls a company that operates theaters, the Stoll Moss Theaters Ltd.
"I hope it's all right, pray it's all right," Bush told reporters.
Since then, Safeway has reduced debt and considerably improved its operating profit margins.
"Just to cover the data for one car, a Ford, costs $1,600 a year.
The fact that my client is a lawyer and a politician, does that create any problem?" A pool of 96 prospective jurors was called for questioning.
The Central Committee also could mandate changes in the Academy of Pedagogical Sciences, which is in charge of training teachers.
Not much hair but very pretty," Mrs. Makim said.
If they approve the proposal, it will then be sent to the SEC and for public comment.
Although Republicans would still be critical even if they were not themselves under attack, "I don't think there would have been a formal charge and all this fanfare," he said.
Were the game plans good ones?
She said the quake registered 7 on the Soviet earthquake scale in Krasnovodsk, a city on the eastern shore of the Caspian Sea in Soviet Turkmenia.
Some traditionally green and yellow vegetables have gone to red and yellow, including green beans with purple pods named "Royal Burgundy," a purple cauliflower named "Royal Purple," and an okra with deep red pods, simply called red okra.
The European investments included 72 acquisitions, 24 joint ventures, 14 new plants and six expansions of existing facilities.
There is still time left.
Now the investment management division is looking to loosen the advertising rules a bit, allowing fund companies to become more current in their marketing.
In late New York trading, the dollar stood at 1.8309 West German marks, up 0.5% from 1.8225 Tuesday.
Today's revisions show that non-military spending by the federal government was $3.8 billion less than previously thought.
Speaking to analysts here yesterday, Mr. Howell said that Penney's has budgeted about $40 million through 1987 to introduce its "teleshopping" service called Telaction.
In other states, only Arizona and Washington have allowed adult children to seek such compensation.
Meanwhile, the company asked holders to refrain from tendering shares.
For the nine months ended Oct. 4, EG&G had net of $41 million on revenue of $931.8 million.
The government will launch a campaign to reduce highway traffic fatalities and will continue to address concerns about hazardous materials shipments, aging airliners, transportation vehicle design and the distribution and use of illegal drugs.
It was the most active issue on the Big Board.
Now the company has embarked on a plan to reduce marketing and promotion expenses to bring more of the sales gains to the bottom line.
In 1988, NCNB had net income of $252.5 million, or $2.90 a share.
When the Japanese government last year asked for volunteers for medical missions to the Gulf, only about 20 people responded. But there are signs that things are changing.
In an interview with The Associated Press in 1983, Adamson said he had been told of a plot by Somalis to murder him in the hope that with him gone, authorities would be under little pressure to police the reserve.
Volvo Cars of North America Inc. announced 10-year auto loans, by far the longest in the car business, in an effort to help reverse slipping sales.
That tax break is set to expire in July, leaving the self-employed footing the full bill unless Congress takes action.
The culprit is FERC Order 436, issued in 1985 and subsequent rules and court decisions that ordered the pipeline companies to transport gas for anyone claiming the ability and willingness to pay the pipeline-transportation costs.
New York SE trading volume was 261.6m shares. The stage was set for a positive opening on US stock markets when bond prices rallied in early trading.
Israel announced Monday it would start distributing gas masks to its 4.7 million citizens.
The study is an important step toward ultimately using the exploding knowledge of cancer genetics to devise new treatments, scientists said.
The existence of this many suppliers normally would be expected to lead to aggressive price competition.
The market's latest woes come less than five months after the indictment of junk bond king Michael Milken, the former Drexel Burham Lambert Inc. executive who virtually created the current $200 billion arena for high-risk securities.
DeConcini also attacked Bush's performance as head of the National Narcotics Border Interdiction System, which he said was "an organization of half-empty offices lacking organization" that failed in its drug-fighting goals.
Mr John Bryson, finance director, said proceeds would be used to reduce gearing and to fund the working capital needs of the acquisitions.
Argentina recheduled last year most of its $56 billion debt, but still has a hard time repaying interest that this year will total about $4.6 billion.
In Goodyear's case, since the IRS said American law did not recognize the 1973 deductions permitted the company in Great Britain, the corporation's loss was converted into a profit.
The measure allows references to safe ways of engaging in sexual acts as well as the risks of engaging in promiscuous sex and intravenous drug abuse.
He said the death toll had risen to 89, while another 350 people were wounded. The UN and Gen Aideed continue to give d